(Everything is frozen besides Morty, Rick and Summer. Morty is vacuuming Jerry with a hand vac.)
(Enter: Summer)
Summer: Hurry up Morty, Grampa's about to unfreeze time. You know you really should be cleaning from top to bottom.
Morty: I know how to vacuum Mom and Dad, Summer, I've been doing it for six months!
Summer: Then you've been doing it wrong for six months. Oh, my God, is that mildew?
Morty: It's not my fault we froze time on a humid day!
Summer: You have dropped so many balls, man. Do you ever get scared Grampa Rick might make me his new sidekick?
Morty: What? What kind of monster are you?
Summer: A competent one.
Rick: Who cares about the *belch* thing you guys are talking about? The whole point of freezing time is to stop giving a fuck. Put a shirt on your dumb dad and let's get this dumb universe rolling. Let's do this thing.
(Morty puts shirt on Jerry backwards.)
Rick: Alright, listen, you two, we froze time for a pretty long time, so when I unfreeze it, the world's time is gonna be fine, but our time's gonna need a little time to, you know, stabilize.
Morty: Our time is gonna be unstable? What does that even mean?
Rick: It means relax and stop being a pussy, Morty. I thought you learned that by now. It also means don't touch your parents or we could shatter into countless theoretical shards.
Morty: Wait a minute, what?
Rick: And away we go!
(Rick unfreezes time.)
(Mr. Benson falls off the roof.)
Morty: Uh, did we ever put that mattress under Mr. Benson?
Rick: Shhh, Morty!
(Jerry opens the door angrily)
Jerry: ...A THING OR TWO ABOUT... wait, what? Was the house...? When we pulled up I could have sworn the house was completely trashed.
Rick: Negative visualization, Jerry. It explains a lot about where you're at. Hi, sweety.
Beth: Hi, dad.
(Summer and Morty recoil from Beth as she approaches to hug Rick)
Beth: Summer, Morty, are you okay?
Morty: W-We just missed you a lot.
Summer: Yeah, we missed you so much. Too much to hug you though.
(Rick motions Summer and Morty behind him.)
Rick: Yeah it would literally destroy them. Now listen, why do—why do—why—why don't you guys go get a free sunday ice cream, (Rick puts a rubber band around a rolled up wad of cash) go out there and get some ice creams. Here's five hundred dollars cash in unmarked moneys. I'm just gonna put it on the floor and uh, kick it on over to ya. You guys go nuts.
Jerry: This better not be a bribe. If I find a single thing out of place in this house, my love of ice cream won't save you. I'll get my jacket.
Beth: Sweety, is your shirt on backwards?
<Simultaneously---
Summer: *Gasp*
Morty: Oh!
Rick: Uh oh.
-------------->
Jerry: Yeah, I like it this way. I'm not stupid.
<Simultaneously---
Morty: Phew...
Summer: *Exhales*
-------------->
Rick: Man that guy is the Red Grin Grumble to pretending he knows what's going on. (Morty and Summer laugh) Oh you agree, huh? (Summer: Funny) You like that Red Grin Grumble reference? (Summer: Yeah.) Well guess what? I made him up. You really are your father's children. Think for yourselves, don't be sheep.
[Intro sequence]
[Trans. Outside Morty's house]
(Mr. Benson is being loaded into an ambulance.)
[Trans. Inside Morty's house]
Summer: God, I feel terrible.
Rick: Yup, it really makes you appreciate how fickle the universe can be. (Rick opens refrigerator) [Trans. Inside refrigerator] One minute you're falling off a roof for six months, the next minute, bam!
[Trans. Inside Morty's house]
Morty: Uh, just to be clear, it was Summer's job to put the mattress under-
Summer: (interrupting) Uh, what? It was your job, Morty. (Summer pokes Morty.)
Morty: Nuh uh!
Summer: Yeah huh!
Rick: Actually, sorry Summer, I gotta back the M bomb on this one. I remember the conversation. We told Morty to replace all the bank's money with cookies, your job was to put the mattress under Mr. Benson.
Morty: Boom! In your face Summer! You really dropped the ball, man.
Summer: Shut up Morty, you vindictive little turd!
Morty: You shut up you big... female asshole!
(Alternate selves first appear)
Alternate Morty: Hey, don't shove me!
Summer: I didn't!
Morty: You didn't what?
Alternate Summer: What's your problem?
Morty: What's yours?
Alternate Summer: Shut up!
Morty: You shut up!
Rick: Whoa whoa wh-what the hell hell hell hell hell?
(Time splits into two - alternate timelines will be ordered from top to bottom, left to right.)
All Ricks: Oh God, oh no, what did you guys just do?
Summer 1: What do you mean?
Summer 2: What could we do?
All Summers: Wait, what am I saying?
Rick: *belch* Were either of you guys uncertain about anything just now?
All Mortys: Oh man... I don't feel good.
Morty 1: Am I me? I think so.
Morty 2: A-am I talking right now?
All Mortys: Wait, who said that?
All Ricks: Alright both of you, just don't move, don't speak, don't think. I have to check something.
Summer 1: What should we do Morty?
Summer 2: I'm gonna help Grampa.
Morty 1: Let's see if he needs help.
Morty 2: What do you mean you're gonna help him.
Summer 1: Ugh, I can help too.
[Trans. Inside Rick's garage]
All Mortys: What's going on Rick?
All Summers: What's happening Grampa?
All Ricks: Shut up! (Rick turns on a monitor) Oh crap are you kidding me? Two dots? This never needs to be more than one dot. The two of you made us uncertain!
Morty 1: What do you mean?
Morty 2: What? In English?
Summer 1: What? English please?
Summer 2: What are you talking about?
All Ricks: Our time is fractured. You two somehow created a feedback loop of uncertainty that's split our reality into two equally possible impossiblities. W-we're exactly like a man capable of sustaining a platonic friendship with an attractive female co-worker. We're entirely hypothetical.
All Mortys: But I thought there were infinite timelines.
All Ricks: We're not on any timeline, dummy. Look.
(Rick opens the garage door, revealing floating cats, trees and islands.)
All Mortys: Oh, my God!
All Summers: Are those cats?
All Ricks: I assume they're Schrodinger's cats. A-actually, I assume they both are and aren't, just like us.
Summer 1 & Morty 2: Is the world gone? Where are Mom and Dad?
All Ricks: “Mom and Dad?” Get your head out of your family's ass. The three of us are lost in a timeless oblivion. Your parents get to exist. They're probably living it up in some pointless grounded story about their sh*t marriage.
[Trans. Inside Jerry's car]
Jerry: Cold Stone Creamery is the best. What should we do with our remaining twenty dollars?
Beth: You realize they sing no matter how much you tip.
(Jerrry hits a deer.)
Beth: Holy shit! What happened?
Jerry: I hit a deer! W-we have to tell the cops you were driving.
Beth: W-what?
Jerry: This is Rum Raisin!
(Beth hands Jerry her ice cream, gets out of the car and goes over to the deer.)
Beth: It's still alive.
Jerry: Well, do we- do I uh, get a big rock? Or--
Beth: It's not an armadillo, asshole!
Jerry: I thought that's what a man's supposed to say, it's not like I could have actually done it.
Beth: If we were near a hospital, I could treat it, but I-I think we have to just-
Jerry: It's okay, this is just something that happens. And even if we were in a hospital, what could we do, you're a horse surgeon, not a deer surgeon.
Beth: So...
Jerry: Well don't different animals-
Beth: Require different levels of skill to keep alive?
Jerry: Oh God...
Beth: Get the deer in the car, Jerry.
Jerry: Yes Beth.
[Trans. Inside Rick's garage]
All Ricks: This is why you don't freeze time, you guys. It's incredibly irresponsible.
Morty 1: And you did it so you could clean the house after a party.
Morty 2: And you did it so you could clean the house after a party?
All Ricks: Look, there's no time to hold me accountable, Morty. Like literally no time. Look around. Uncertainty is inherently unsustainable. Eventually everything either is or isn't. And we've got about four hours to be “is”.
Morty 1: Or...
Morty 2: Or?
All Ricks: We “isn't”
All Ricks: Alright, since this time crystal exists in both possibilities, and since it's impossible that I didn't nail this, I'm probably about to press this button in both possibilities at exactly the same time.
Morty 1 & Summer 2: How do you know you're gonna-
All Ricks: Whatever you're asking, the answer is I'm amazing. And away we go!
(Rick presses a button, the timelines almost merge)
Rick: Huh, what do you know, it's working
Summer 1: Ow, ow ouch!
Morty 2: Whoa, ow, ow.
Rick: Oh shit.
(Realities separate again)
All Ricks: What the hell is wrong with you two!? I—I m—I m—I mean you four!?
All Mortys and Summer 2: That hurt! That was painful...
All Ricks: Good I'm glad it was painful. You do deserve it! I saw you, you're both *belch* all over the damn place. We've been split for twenty minutes and your lives are already scattered to the quantum f***ing wind? What the hell do either of you have to be so uncertain about? Your brand of zit cream? Which chair to sit in while I do everything? Come on, spit it out!
All Mortys: Well you don't exactly make it easy, Rick!
Morty 1: You make fun of me all the time and now Summer's doing it too!
Morty 2: You're always picking on me and now you got someone to kiss your ass!
Summer 1: Me? What about you? Would you get more excited to see me fail? You want Grampa all to yourself!
Summer 2: Me? You're just as mean to me because you're jealous, because you want Grampa all to yourself!
All Ricks: Alright, cool it, I see what's happening here. You're both young, you're both unsure about your place in the universe, you both wanna be “Grampa's favorite.” I can fix this. Morty sit here, Summer, you sit here. Now listen, I know the two of you are very different from each other in a lot of ways, but you have to understand that as far as Grampa's concerned, you're both pieces of shit. Yeah, I can prove it mathematically. Actually, let me grab my whiteboard. This has been a long time coming anyway.
[Trans. Outside animal hospital.]
[Trans. Inside animal hospital.]
Beth: Emergency, wounded deer coming in.
[Trans. Inside animal hospital operating room.]
(Vet is taking a snake's pulse.)
Vet: Three. Excuse me, you can't be back here.
Beth: I'm a certified horse surgeon, and this deer needs medical attention. Nurse, please move that snake.
Vet: That's my nurse, and as a horse surgeon, I'm sure that you know that deer have much smaller, much more intricate organs-
Beth: As a vet, I'm sure you know a deer is closer to a horse than you are to a doctor, so let's save the measuring for when our dicks are out, it's time to save a life!
Vet: Geez...
(Vet removes Snake from operating table. Beth and Jerry place deer on operating table.)
Beth: That's odd, this deer's wounded.
Jerry: Uh, yeah, I was there, you don't have to rub it in.
Beth: I mean it's been shot. With a gun.
Hunter: My gun.
Vet: May I help you, sir?
Hunter: No, but you can stop helping this deer. I shot it before these two hit it with their car and I followed them when they hauled it off. This deer belongs to me.
Beth:
sigh* We don't have time for this, okay! I need anesthetic, and deer saline!
Vet: Look, I don't know what the law says about this, but I took an oath that I would let no animal come to harm. Except when sterilizing, aborting or euthenizing them and also when eating them at almost any meal.
Hunter: I'm calling my lawyer. I hope for all our sakes you're as bad a surgeon as I am a hunter.
Beth: In your dreams, bitch! Scalpel!
[Trans. Inside Rick's garage.]
All Ricks: So in conclusion, you're both equally mercurial, overly sensitive, clingy hysterical bird brained homunculi. And I honestly can't tell the two of you half the time because I don't go by height or age, I go by amount of pain in my ass, which makes you both identical. Alright, everything resolved? Everybody nice and certain about their position in my world?
All Mortys and All Summers: Yes.
All Ricks: Alright, perfect. Sit still, *belch* arms down, I'm gonna do this again, this time, be like Grampa.
Morty 2: You mean drunk?
Rick 1: And away we go!
Rick 2: What's that? You got something to say?
Morty 2: No.
Rick 2: And away we go!
All Ricks: Huh, that's weird. Oh, my God.
All Summers: What?
All Ricks: That son of a bitch is gonna kill me!
Rick 2: Follicle unfeeling sociopath. Don't you get it? He thinks he can save his own skin by using the crystal to kill me. He probably figures it's easier to eliminate one of the possibilities rather than merge them. I have to admit, it's always in the back of my mind too. The difference is I would never do it! Until now...
Rick 1: Don't you get it? don't you get it? The other Rick isn't trying to merge us anymore. He thinks he can save his own skin by using the crystal to kill me. He probably figures it's easier to eliminate one of the possibilities rather than merge them. I have to admit, it's always in the back of my mind too. The difference is I would never do it! Until now...
All Mortys: Rick what the hell are you doing?
All Ricks: Saving our lives. After he takes me out he's gonna be coming for you!
All Summers: Who?
All Ricks: Me!
Rick 2: You see that? Get down.
All Summers: Ahh!
All Mortys: Whoa whoa!
Rick 1: I told you he's a psycho!
Rick 2: He's lost it. The time fracture must have made him crazy!
Rick 1: I don't know what to do! I don't know what to do!
Summer 2 or 4 after splitting into 4 (not shown): Oh crap!
(Reality splits into 4 parts)
All Ricks: Oh God, now there's three of them, we're outnumbered! Get in the cupboards! Wait, don't don't do that, they'll know... wait wait, think about getting in the cupboards but don't really. AAAAH IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT YOU SICK FUCKS? YOU WANNA SEE CHILDREN DIE?
[Trans. Inside animal hospital operating room.]
Beth: You son of a bitch, you don't stop living until I SAY SO!
Lawyer: Michael.
Vet: Who's this now?
Hunter: My lawyer.
Lawyer: I'm here to notify you ma'am, that in this county, any deer shot by a hunter is that hunter's property, regardless of how far it runs, or who intercepts it before it dies. It's called Brad's law. We can't make you stop the surgery, but at this point you're performing it on venison.
Hunter: Actually, I've decided not to eat it. All this fear and conflict. I'm sure it's ruined the meat. I'm just gonna use the head for my rec room wall.
Jerry: She normally works on horses.
Beth: Jerry, if you're not gonna help, get the fuck out of here! I will reach into heaven and yank your screaming deer soul back!
Vet: Jesus...
[Trans. Inside Rick's garage.]
All Ricks: Shh shh... I know where you are, you creepy old monster... I know how you think! Oh, is this where you think I'm going? You think I'm standing here? Well maybe you're right!
(Morty knocks Rick out with a fire extinguisher)
All Summers: Holy shit, now what?
All Mortys: Well if all of me knocked out all the Ricks, and you peed in all of your pants, doesn't that mean that we're all synchronized?
All Summers: Right.
All Mortys: Okay... so from now on, whatever we do we have to be certain.
All Summers: Right...
All Mortys: I think I'm certain we're F'd in the A.
[Cut to black]
[Trans. Outside the house in Schrodinger cat space]
All Ricks: Oh God, my head. What did you guys do?
All Mortys: We put you in a dog crate because you were acting crazy, and you caused another time fracture.
All Summers: You tried to kill yourself!
All Ricks: Only in self defense, myself tried to kill me first! Guys, I don't expect you to understand this, but time breaking twice means our problem is two times bigger and we've got half as much time to solve it. Well actually, I do expect you to understand that, it's basic math. C-could someone just let me out of here? If I die in a cage I lose a bet.
All Summers: Well is there some way you can prove you're not a threat to yourself and others anymore?
All Ricks: Ah, for God's sake, alright here, give me the time crystal.
All Mortys: W-what're you doing?
All Ricks: Calling myself. Here, listen, *belch* it'll probably go to voice mail since, you know, I'm calling myself.
All Rick phones: Hello, Rick here.
All Ricks: Don't fall for it, it's a bit.
All Rick phones: Just kidding, haha! You just got Ricked. You've reached Rick's voicemail, you know what to do *beep*.
All Ricks: Hey Rick, it's Rick. Listen, I'm sorry about earlier. No hard feelings. I know you know I mean it too. Take it easy. Whoa. Damn, look at this, I'm blown up. Three new voicemails. *voicemail repeats* Yeah yeah, I heard this one. *voicemail repeats two more times* You get the idea *belch* we're cool now.
All Summers: Okay, well we're still not gonna let you out of this crate.
All Ricks: Fine I'll just do it myself.
All Mortys: If you could get out that whole time why didn't you?
All Ricks: Because I waited until I was certain it was what I wanted to do, Morty. That's the difference between you and me. I'm certain, and you're a walking burlap sack filled with turds.
All Mortys: You know, geez Rick, y—y—you're really tearing into me right now. You know, words hurt.
(Testicle Monster A floats into view in a bubble.)
Morty 1: Oh, my God!
Morty 2: It's a monster!
Morty 3: Oh, my God! It's a monster!
Summer 1: It's a monster!
Summer 4: It's a monster!
Testicle Monster A: Ey, ye ey, quit yellin' quit yellin'.
Summer 1: *Screams*
Summer 4: Oh, my God...
Morty 2, 3 and 4: *Screams*
Testicle Monster A: What the fuck?! Your time is all ripped up to hell! You broke your time, twice!
All Ricks: *sigh*
Testicle Monster A: How did this happen?
Summers 2 & 3: Yeah, but we don't even know, the first time...
Morty 1 & 4: Who's that Brother Newman time elf?
Testicle Monster A: Shut the fuck up! Oh, damn, I'm from the 4th dimension. I can hear all o' y'all. Now let's just see what we got here for a second.
All Ricks: *groan*
Testicle Monster A: Ay, damn it, were you tryin' to use this to- oh, see, you broke time, and you thought you could just stick it back together with this? How you think you gonna move time while you're standin in it you dumn ass three-dimensional monkey ass dummies?
All Mortys: Oh way to go, Rick.
All Summers: Yeah Grampa, way to go.
All Ricks: Oh, what you're just gonna listen to this guy now? He's got a giant testicle for a head! He came here in a bubble. For all we know he could be the David Berkowitz of Nutsack Land.
Testicle Monster A: Shut up. Here, put these on. They'll sync your possibilities up so I can bring you back to certain time. Y'all just-just negligent, now ay, ay, ay, the three of you, put your collars on!
Summer 1, 2 and 3: What are you talking about?
Morty 1, 2 and 3: We have them on.
Rick 1, 2 and 3: Uh, we did...
Rick 4: We're not wearing collars.
Testicle Monster A: Exactly, because you're being obstinate.
Rick 1, 2 and 3: *belch* What?
Morty 1, 2 and 3: We did!
Summer 1, 2 and 3: They're on right now.
Rick 4: Alright, fine. Summer, Morty, put 'em on.
(Alternate timelines merge into one)
Rick: Yes, we're back, problem solved.
Summer: Yes, we're back to our own time.
Morty: Yes no more cats, no more cats, oh you did it, you fixed it.
Testicle Monster A: Yeah, now keep those collars on so you don't break your weak ass time again.
Rick: How long exactly do we have to wear these things? They're really embarassing.
Testicle Monster A: Well since you're goin' to time prison, I'd say you can keep em on forever.
Summer: Time prison?
Testicle Monster A: Yeah, well I don't know where you expect me to think you got that crystal over there, but the only way you dumb ass, assin' ass asses could ever have one, is if it was stolen.
Summer: You stole a time freezing crystal from testical monsters?
Rick: I would have been happy to pay for it, Summer, but they don't exactly sell them at Costco.Besides, there's a larger lesson to be learned here. Get him!
Testicle Monster A: Ututututut! You'd better keep back! Man this will turn your ass into a third trimester fetus from 30 yards.
[Trans. Inside animal hospital operating room.]
Vet: Hmm...
Beth: Isn't there a kitten somewhere that needs a manicure?
Lawyer: That's right Mrs. Smith, *whispers* give in to your anger. Neglect that deer.
Jerry: Honey, it's gonna be okay. These men are from the Cervine Institute of Elk, Moose Deer and Stag. They can take this deer to a helicopter and fly it to the country's top deer surgeon on a wildlife reserve across the state border, where your jurisdiction ends.
Vet: I guess that's the end of that.
Lawyer: There is just one more thing. According to this state's veterinarian statute, this animal can't be transferred until the current attending physician verbally confirms their inability to provide adequate care. You heard the man horse doctor, you have to say you couldn't hack it.
Jerry: We did it...
[Trans. Inside Rick's garage.]
Testicle Monster A: (On phone) Uh-huh, no motha- no, Earth, dude, I'm talking 'bout, yeah, with the dinosaurs. No, if you've get to the dolphin people, you've gone too far. Alright man, I'll talk to you later, okay. (hangs up) You know what they do with 3rd dimensional life forms in time prison? Same thing they do in every other prison, only forever.
Morty: Why are you doing this?
Testicle Monster A: You think I wanna be an omniscient immortal being transcending time and space my whole life? I got ambitions man, bringin' you guys in is my ticket up.
Rick: What if I told you there's a huge ticket up right behind you?
Testicle Monster A: You really think I'm that stupid?
Rick: Alright, hear me out on this. You're immortal, right, which means your life is infinite. Well in that case there's 100% chance that you'll eventually do everything, including turning around to look behind you.
Testicle Monster A: I cannot argue that.
(Rick hits the creature with a wrench and grabs the organic gun he was holding)
Rick: Ah, God, gross and weird!
(Rick drops the gun and it crawls toward the street)
Testicle Monster A: Chris!
(The gun/Chris runs into the road and is run over by a car)
Testicle Monster A: You killed my gun!
Rick: Summer, Morty, take off your collars!
Testicle Monster A: What? What the hell are you doing?
Rick: Good question. I suppose the answer is: I'm not certain!
Testicle Monster A: Oh, no, what are you doin'?
(Time splits into 2 timelines)
Rick 1: I have no idea!
Rick 2: I'm not sure.
(Time splits into 4 timelines)
All Ricks (off sync): Maybe I will, maybe I won't.
(Time Splits into 8 timelines)
All Ricks (off sync): I'm really uncertain about everything, even kicking your ass!
Testicle Monster A: Lis- ay, to, AH. But these arms are vestigial. Now you poked me where an eye would have been about six million years ago.
All Summers (off sync): Come on, let's help Grampa.
All Mortys (off sync): Yeah. I'm like a hundred percent not sure about anything.
(Time splits twice, now 32 Timelines)
Summers 1, 2, 3, 8, 9, 10, 12, 17, 18, 20, 25, 28, 29, 31: Beat his ass!
Summers 1, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 10, 11, 14, 16, 18, 19, 23, 25, 27, 28: Get him!
Summers 2, 6, 9, 12, 13, 15, 17, 20, 21, 22, 24, 26, 29, 30, 31, 32: Beat him up!
(Zooms into only show one timeline: Timeline 23)
Morty 23: Kick his ass, Rick!
(Ricks, Mortys, and Summers hit Testicle Monster A one last time, he falls back and his head explodes.)
Testicle Monster A: Ow, I'm defeated...
Summer 23: What's happening?
Rick 23: Time is falling apart, we've got to get back to certainty, quick! Give me your collars!
Morty 23: Oh man, don't you have to fix, like, thirty of them?
Rick 23: Morty, I have to fix three of them, and then there's thirty-one other versions of me that have to also fix three for a total of 96. I'm not an idiot. I know how to be decisive, now hand me that (Phillips/Flathead) screwdriver. Actually, make it a (Phillips/Flathead).
(Time splits into 64 timelines)
All Ricks (off sync): Oh, shit.
[Trans. Inside Jerry's car]
Jerry: Look, I know I was kind of a nuisance today. I know it's my fault we hit the deer, and I know you wanted to be the one to save it.
Beth: Whatever. How petty would I have to be to care less about an animal's life than my own ego?
Jerry: Hmm... you'd have to be pretty petty. But you'd still be the woman I married.
Beth: Where are we going?
Jerry: One last stop.
Beth: Where's the helicopter?
Jerry: There is no helicopter and there is no Cervine Institute.
Beth: But the top deer surgeon...
Jerry: I'm looking at her. Thanks for F.D.'ing me up like that.
Cold Stone Employee: You'd better get moving, these lights are designed for basic ice cream work, they're not gonna last all night.
Beth: I need five minutes.
(Short slow-panning montage of surgery)
Beth: Jerry, this was the most romantic weekend I've ever had.
Jerry: Thanks to Cold Stone Creamery.
Cold Stone Employee: You're welcome.
[Trans. Inside Rick's garage.]
(Zoom into Timeline 30)
(Presumably) All Ricks: Okay, we're out of time. It's ironic, huh?
Morty 30: Rick!
Rick 30: What's goin' on?
Morty 30: The collar, oh, the latch is broken! It won't latch closed around my neck!
(Zoom pan to Timeline 28)
(Presumably) All Mortys Except Morty 30: What's wrong, how come our collars aren't green?
(Presumably) All Ricks Except Rick 30: Obviously because someone doesn't know how to put his collar on and one of me is stuck trying to help him.
(Presumably) All Mortys Except Morty 30: Don't blame this on me, you're the one that couldn't fix a latch!
(Zoom pan to Timeline 30)
Rick 30: What are you talking about, it's not broken, Morty, I fixed it, just put it on!
Morty 30: It won't close, it's broken!
Rick 30: Fine, bring it here.
Morty 30: Ooh, ooh, Rick!
(Zoom pan to Timeline 15)
(Presumably) All Ricks Except Rick 30: Oh, really, Morty? Well I'm sorry, I'm not the one that's so fucking uncertain about everything!
(Presumably) All Mortys Except Morty 30: You know what I'm certain of, Rick? I've really made up my mind about this, I never wanna see you again!
(Presumably) All Ricks Except Rick 30: You're never gonna see anything again you little dummy! You killed us!
(Zoom pan to Timeline 30)
Rick 30: Goddammit!
Morty 30: Ooh
Rick 30: Morty where's your collar I'll fix it
Morty 30: I dropped it
(Presumably) All Ricks Except Rick 30: What the hell? What have you done to me, Morty?
Rick 30: I'm okay with this. Be good Morty. Be better than me. Bullsh*t The other collar! I'm not okay with this! I am not okay with this! Oh, sweet Jesus please let me live. Oh, my God I—I've gotta fix this thing, please God in Heaven, please, God, oh Lord, hear my prayers. Yes! Fuck you God! Not today, bitch.
(Presumably) All Ricks Except Rick 30: Please, God, if there's a Hell, please be merciful to me.
Rick 30: Yes I did it! There is no God! In your face. One dot, motherfuckers!
Morty: Yes, oh, yes, yes!
Summer: Woohoo! Whoo! Whoo!
Morty: Oh, that was a close call. Oh yeah, do it Rick, do it right.
Rick: You know what I'm talking about, oh yeah. I'm gonna do the cabbage patch, Morty. Check me out I'm doing the cabbage patch dance. It's a classic dance, remember, like this. Oh shit look at that.
Morty: Do the cabbage patch. Do—do—do the dance.
Summer: Hey wait a second, how come you guys took longer to get here?
Morty: I don't know. I think like one sixty-fourth of my collars didn't work. It's hard to keep straight now that I have sixty-three other memories of everything.
Rick: Yeah.
Morty: But I feel like one of the sixty-four Ricks like, sacrificed himself for me, maybe, I think.
Rick: Shut up, Morty. The last time you felt something, we all almost died. You little s—piece of shit.
Beth: Hey guys, we're home.
(Summer and Morty run up and hug Beth and Jerry, respectively.)
Morty & Summer: Mom, Dad!
Jerry: Um, hold the phone, where did you guys get those necklaces from? Uh, Lady Gaga, table for three, am I right?
Beth: *laughs*
Jerry: Are you guys Power Rangers? But only on one small part of your necks? Hey, do those things need batteries? Were they included? Clean up in the fruit isle! Not in a homophobic way though, they're just fruity necklaces is all I was saying.
Beth: *laughing* I'm gonna pee my pants.
Morty: Doesn't feel so good, does it?
Rick: No it doesn't. It hurts.
Beth: I'm gonna pee-hee-hee.
Jerry: Somebody call the planet of Tron, we have three Tron people over here. But seriously, are these Halloween costumes? Are you going as motorcycles? With green headlights instead of normal ones? Are you dogs? Robot dogs? Gosh, you guys are lame. Are those chokers from the 90's? What is this, a 90's nostalgia thing? Are you guys in that movie “The Craft” with Fairuza Balk?
[End credits]
[Trans. Testicle Monster travelling through time, stops at ice age with a wooly mammoth in the background.]
Testicle Monster A: Hey man, when the hell were you?
Testicle Monster B: Looking for you, asshole.
Testicle Monster A: I told you past the dinosaurs.
Testicle Monster B: You know how much time is past the dinosaurs? Half of all time!
Testicle Monster A: Come on, man, it's this way...
Testicle Monster B: Come on, give me that thing, speed it up, he can't be this far back.
[Monster A spots a man that looks Rick writing on a chalkboard]
Testicle Monster A: There he is, there he is, there he is, there he is, stop, stop.
[Man who looks like Rick turns around, it turns out to be Albert Einstein]
Testicle Monster B: So that's the guy, huh?
Testicle Monster A: Yeah, that's him. Hey, man, remember me? [he and Monster B start beating up Einstein, knocking him to the ground] I got something for your ass! You don't mess with time! You don't f*** with time, mother****er! [he and Monster B leave]
Albert Einstein: I vill mess vith time!
[Einstein gets up and determinately writes E=MC2 in the chalkboard]
Albert Einstein: I vill mess vith time...
[END]
[Configure Reference Popups]Rick Sanchez: Morty, can you hit that ignore button on that?
Morty Smith: What? I'm not hitting that ignore button, Rick. We're going to help those people in distress.
Rick Sanchez: (Groans)
Morty Smith: Well, what do you think when do, Rick? We're just ignore the call? Huh? You know maybe, maybe we should take off. This doesn't look like anything going on here.
Rick Sanchez: No, Morty, no. We have to help people.
Morty Smith: Oh, my god! It's one of those facehunters from the alien movie!
Rick Sanchez: (Coughs)
Morty Smith: Holy crap. I think it's dead.
Rich Sanchez: Oh, god, Morty, dialtotcities. Did all the drugs and alcohol swirling about my system.
Morty Smith: Wow, Rick, you know they say don't do drugs. But, I think this might be a case for him.
Rick Sanchez: And alcohol, Morty.
Morty Smith: Yeah, and alcohol.
Rick Sanchez: Somebody get a memo to all the characters in those alien movies stat.
Morty Smith: Yeah, no kidding. You know never I thought I say this. Thank god you drink those drugs and alcohol, you know.
Rick Sanchez: Morty, you don't drink drugs.
Morty Smith: Well, whatever, I don't know. I'm innocent.
[Configure Reference Popups][Open Ext. Smith residence]
(Outside, there is snow on the ground. The Smith house is decorated for Christmas, and Jerry can be heard singing Last King Christmas.)
Jerry: *singing* Last King Christmas last arrived!
[Trans Int. Kitchen]
(The kitchen is a mess of food in various stages of preparation. Jerry pulls a ham out of the oven as he sings.)
Jerry: *singing* In the Christmas Christmas! *stops singing and smells the ham* Mmm… Jerry, you are really giving it to this ham.
(Jerry enters the living room, where a tree stands with presents underneath it. Beth and Morty are occupied on tablets while Summer uses her smartphone.)
Jerry: Um, Merry Christmas? *puts his hands on his hips* Helloooo? My parents are coming over for the first time in years! Can we stow the gadgets and look alive?
Beth: Alive? For your parents?
(Jerry snags her tablet away and stows it in a stocking.)
Jerry: Good one.
Beth: Hey man!
Jerry: You ‘hey man’! This holiday is about humanity.
Morty: *not looking up from his tablet* You know, I thought it was about being born half-God or something.
Jerry: Okay, whatever. All electronic items are going in the stocking. Now.
Morty: *hands over his tablet* Ohhhh…
Summer: Dad, I’m not giving you my phone.
Jerry: Put it in the stocking, Summer, or I’m joining Facebook.
(Summer gasps and drops her phone in the stocking.)
Rick: *offscreen* Ho ho ho, everybody.
(Rick and Ruben enter the house and Jerry approaches them.)
Jerry: More like whoa whoa whoa. What is this? My parents are coming!
Rick: Calm down Jerry, this is Ruben, an old friend.
Ruben: Pearl Harbor.
Rick: I check in on him once a year and give him a little *burp* medical *burp* evaluation.
Beth: Aw, Dad… That is so sweet.
Jerry: *squinting suspiciously* Yeah, it is… I don’t get it.
Ruben: Korea.
Rick: Don’t worry about your C-C-Christmas, Jerry. *leads Ruben away* Ruben and I’ll be in my workshop while you have another day in Phil Collins’ proverbial paradise.
(Rick and Ruben head out to the garage.)
Jerry: Huh. You think you know a guy. (The doorbell rings.) Okay, there’s my parents. Now remember, no TV, no phones, no laptops, we are connecting this Christmas, like old-school Jews on a Saturday. *opens the door* Hey hey!
(Leonard and Joyce walk in.)
Leonard: Merry Christmas, son.
(Jerry, not noticing Jacob, almost closes the door on him, then opens it back up.)
Jerry: Oh, hi. Can I help you?
Joyce: Jerry, this is Jacob. *takes Jacob by the arm* Didn’t you get our text message?
Beth, Summer, and Morty: No.
Jacob: You must be Jerry! That’s a fine lookin’ apron. William Sonoma?
Jerry: *smiling uncomfortably* I wish… But thank you. *closes the door* So… you’re a…friend of the family…?
Leonard: *puts an arm around Jacob’s shoulders* The way we see it, he’s a part of the family.
Jerry: Wow!
Joyce: After your father’s brush with cancer and losing your uncle, we looked at life and wondered how have we spent it? And how do we spend the rest of it? What are we going to be when we die? A list of fears and questions, or a collection of real experiences?
Beth: Holy crap, Joyce. That’s amazing.
Leonard: Then Jacob came into our lives. We’re learning to live again.
(Jacob puts his arms around Joyce and Leonard.)
Jacob: All three of us.
(Joyce, Leonard, and Jacob giggle. Jerry stares at them, confused and uncomfortable.)
Jerry: …Cool… Eggnog?
Jacob: Now we are talkin’! This man’s got the apron and the eggnog, huh?
(All laugh. Rick enters and starts laughing with the rest.)
Rick: Hi Joyce, Leonard. *looks at Jacob* Hello there.
Jacob: Merry Christmas, man.
Rick: Morty! A moment of your time?
[Trans. Rick’s garage]
(Ruben is in fits, laid out on a ping-pong table. He’s naked besides a towel over his genitals and his Santa hat.)
Rick: He’s in bad shape, Morty.
Morty: Aw geez, Rick! What did you do?
Rick: Gee, thanks Morty. What kind of monster do you think I am? I-I’m sittin’ here trying to save the guy’s life! (Rick straps a pack with a tube onto Morty’s back and puts an earpiece on his head.) I want you to find Dr. Xenon Bloom. He’ll know what’s goin’ on.
Morty: *extremely nervous* Uh… W-W-Where do I find Dr. Bloom?
Rick: In Ruben. *shoves a glass oxygen mask onto Morty’s head*
Morty: Ruben… Minnesota?
Rick: Ruben on the table, Morty! *hooks up the backpack to the helmet* Look, I-I don’t have time for you to wrap your little walnut around everything. *pulls a shrink ray into view and plugs it in* Hold your breath until the process is over or your lungs will collapse.
(Rick sets Morty under the shrink ray.)
Morty: W-What proc—
(Rick activates the shrink ray and Morty shrieks as he’s shrunk down to a microscopic size. Rick picks up the container Morty shrank into and puts it into a syringe, which he stabs into Ruben’s chest. Just then, Beth enters the garage.)
Beth: Hey Dad, where’s Morty?
Rick: He’s busy.
[Trans. Int. Ruben’s body]
(Morty continues screaming as he is injected into the body in a stream of pink fluid. He lands on something soft and abruptly stops shouting.)
Rick (through Morty’s earpiece): Morty, can you hear me? Head North!
Morty: Rick… Where am I?
[Trans. Garage]
Rick: *adjusts his own headset as he stands in the garage* Depending on my aim, you should be just south of the entrance.
Morty (through Rick’s earpiece): The entrance to what?
Rick: Welcome, Morty. (The scene cuts back to Morty’s view from inside Ruben.) Welcome… (Morty gasps.) …to Anatomy Park!
(The view pans to show an amusement park with a large Anatomy Park sign and various attractions and exhibits.)
Rick: It’s a little business venture I’ve been cookin’ up on the side with Dr. Bloom. (Morty enters the park.) An amusement park inside a human body. Science isn’t cheap, Morty. This should really help put a dent in the overhead.
Morty: Oh my God! This is insane! Spleen Mountain? Bladder Falls? Pirates of the Pancreas?
Rick: You got a problem with that last one, Morty?
Morty: Huh? No, no, I’m just reading them out loud in the order I’m seeing them.
Rick: Okay, alright, if I sounded a little defensive, it’s because Pirates of the Pancreas was my baby.
[Trans. Garage]
Rick: I-I got a lot of push-back when I pitched it, Morty. I guess I’m still a little defensive. Let’s just find Dr. Bloom, alright? I-I’m picking up a distress signal in the liver, Morty.
[Trans. Anatomy Park.]
Rick: Proceed to the liver.
(Following a sign posting directions, Morty hurries off in the direction of the ‘Haunted Liver,’ taking a shuttle to ‘Lower Abdomenland’.)
Automated voice: Arriving at ‘Liver’.
Morty: *stumbles forward and hits his helmet on the window* Ow!
Automated voice: Mind the gap.
(Morty exits the train and enters a dark, unkempt area with flickering lights.)
Morty: It’s really scary in here, Rick.
Rick: Liver’s under maintenance. Ruben’s seen some rough years, Morty. Don’t judge. You don’t agree to have a theme park built inside you if your life’s going great.
[Trans. Int. Haunted Liver]
(Morty enters a haunted house-style attraction. An animatronic wolf suddenly springs up behind him.)
Morty: OOOOHHH! Rick, it’s a monster!
Rick: No no, Morty. The only monster here is alco— *belch* —holism. (The wolf is mechanically pulled back into the wall.) That is an animatronic werewolf.
(A hand reaches from around the corner and a large, muscular man with a thick accent grips Morty by the throat, lifting him up and pinning him to the wall with his forearm.)
Poncho: Who are you? Answer me! Where did you come from?
Morty: Mmm! M-M-My-my-my Grandpa Rick sent me!
Dr. Bloom: Poncho! That’s quite enough.
(Dr. Bloom walks into the room. He appears to be a blob of goo in a roughly human shape with glasses and a walking cane. Poncho glares, then reluctantly lets Morty fall to the ground.)
Dr. Bloom: Morty, that’s Poncho. (Another man and a girl walk into the room.) This is Roger and Annie.
Morty: *staring sheepishly at Annie* Oh…
Dr. Bloom: And I am Dr. Xenon Bloom.
(A speaker apparatus emerges from Morty’s helmet. Rick speaks through it.)
Rick: Hey Bloom, it’s Rick. What the hell’s goin’ on here?
Dr. Bloom: I don’t know why, but the entire security system has shut down. And I’m afraid the exhibits are unlocked.
(Rick’s speaker retreats into Morty’s helmet.)
Morty: Exhibits?
[Trans. Ext. Haunted Liver]
Dr. Bloom: Anatomy Park’s greatest attraction, young man, isn’t the music or the food or the Pirates of the Pancreas.
Rick: Watch it.
Dr. Bloom: It is first and foremost a living museum of humanity’s most noble and ferocious diseases.
Morty: Diseases?!
(There’s a distant roaring noise.)
Poncho: Hey Doc, I have news for ya. (Hepatitis A lumbers towards the group.) Your living museum is officially a wild safari!
(Poncho begins shooting at Hepatitis A.)
Roger: Hepatitis A! Run!
(The entire group screams and flees.)
[Trans. Dining room]
(The Smith family, sans Rick and Morty, are seated for dinner with Joyce, Leonard, and Jacob.)
Jacob: Oh… *leans over and wipes some food from Joyce’s mouth with a napkin* The food goes in your mouth, girl!
(All laugh, but Jerry’s laugh is forced.)
Jerry: Aha… I’m sorry Jacob, I guess I’m still confused about the precise nature and origin of your relationship with my parents. Are you like a—Are you like their caretaker? Is that what it is?
Joyce: We can go into detail later, son.
Leonard: Now wait, there, there’s no point to secrecy. Let’s all live and die honestly. Your mother and I have shared forty years of each other, mind, body, and soul. (Jerry and Jacob smile at each other, but when Jacob looks away, Jerry’s smile becomes a glare.) And when minds and souls are joined for eternity, and when eternity is at the door, it’s an invitation to let go of the body, and an opportunity to share and experiment.
Jerry: Dad, please, what are you saying?
Beth: Whatever it is, it’s beautiful Leonard. *glares at Jerry* And we support you.
Jerry: Speak for yourself! Because it, heheh, it sounds like you’re about to say Jacob is your lover.
Leonard: No no no no no no. (Jerry sighs in relief.) Jacob is your mother’s lover. (Jerry again looks disturbed.) I watch them. Sometimes from a chair, sometimes from a closet. Almost always dressed as Superman.
(Joyce kisses Leonard’s cheek and the two hold hands, looking at each other fondly.)
Jacob: Oh… *reaches across the table and puts a hand atop theirs*
(Summer and Beth smile. Jerry stares, at a loss for words.)
Jacob: Jerry, this ham’s got to be all you, right? It’s in-cred-i-ble.
Summer: *smirks* Happy human holiday, Dad.
(Jerry appears more despondent than ever.)
[Trans. Anatomy Park]
(Poncho continues shooting at Hepatitis A.)
Poncho: AHHHHHH!
(The whole group rushes through a door before entering a code and shutting it.)
Dr. Bloom: Hepatitis won’t follow us into the respiratory system!
(They enter to a set of doors under a sign reading ‘Alveoli Forest’. Roger examines a meter near the door.)
Roger: That’s strange… *taps the meter* Air flow is down twenty percent.
Dr. Bloom: So the brain isn’t getting enough oxygen. That’s why security is offline.
Morty: W-Well, I guess we better check it out.
(The group passes through the doors. As the doors are closing, Alexander, dressed in a dog mascot costume, rushes up and passes through.)
Alexander: Hey, wait for me! *removes the head of his costume*
Dr. Bloom: *points his cane at Alexander* Put that back on!
(Alexander pauses a moment before putting the dog head back on. The whole group examines the area.)
Roger: If we got up to the bronchial catwalk, we could look for blockage.
Morty: *raises his hand* I’ll go. *glances at Annie* Heheh…
(Morty jumps onto one of the bouncy, round alveoli and clings to it.)
Poncho: Don’t be a hero, kid.
Morty: I’m not. I’m doin’ it because it’s fun. *he hops from frond to frond*
Poncho: *cocks his gun* We shouldn’t be here.
Dr. Bloom: Whatever you do, don’t fire that thing in here! We must save Ruben. This is my life’s work.
(Annie touches a growth of bacteria on some tar, which squelches, causing her to gasp in fear and recoil.)
Annie: Ah!
Dr. Bloom: It’s alright, my dear. Nearly all human lungs contain a strain of this bacteria, but the scar tissue… *prods it with his cane, seeing something has escaped from the scar tissue* …keeps them dormant. *looks up toward Morty, who is getting close to the catwalk* Morty! Get down!
Morty: Whoa! *grabs hold of the catwalk as a fluid drips down onto it* Whoa!
(Tuberculosis begins crawling towards him. He lets go of the catwalk and bounces back down to the group, pursued by the disease.)
Morty: Oh! What are those things?!
Dr. Bloom: Tuberculosis, coming in fast!
Poncho: *raises gun and starts shooting at the disease* Not faster than a bullet! Ahh!
Dr. Bloom: *grabs Poncho’s arm* No! Do you know what you’ve done?!
[Trans. Garage]
(Ruben coughs.)
[Trans. Lungs]
(The force of the cough lifts the whole group off the ground, then they fall back down.)
Dr. Bloom: Get to the digestive tract! He’s coughing!
(The group starts running.)
[Trans. Garage]
(Ruben coughs several times again.)
[Trans. Lungs]
(The group all manages to push through besides Alexander. Morty rushes back to help him as his dog mask is blown from his face. Morty grabs a frond and reaches for Alexander’s hand.)
Alexander: Waaaah! Don’t let me die!
[Trans. Garage]
(Rick looks down over Ruben’s mouth.)
Rick: Just take a deep breath, Ruben.
(Ruben inhales deeply.)
[Trans. Lungs]
Morty: You’re not gonna die! What’s your name?
Alexander: My name is… *his hand slips from Morty’s and he’s coughed up* ALEXANDEEEEEEEER!
(Alexander’s skin and soft tissue are peeled off as Ruben coughs into Rick’s face, getting some spittle, including Alexander, on Rick’s forehead.)
(The group, minus the now-dead Alexander, escape the respiratory system. Morty presses the speaker on his helmet.)
Morty: Rick! Ruben’s got tuberculosis!
[Trans. Garage]
Rick: Oh, great work, Morty. *pulls a massive syringe form his lab coat* I’ll just cure it, and then—
(Ruben’s heart monitor flatlines. Rick tosses the syringe over his shoulder.)
Rick: Okay. Well I can’t cure death. This is bad, Morty. You’re trapped in a dead man. Listen, if the situation keeps darkening, do yourself a favor—
[Trans. Anatomy Park]
Rick: —and hop by Pirates of the Pancreas. Obviously I’m biased, but, I think it’s great, Morty.
[Trans. Garage]
Rick: *sitting in a lounge chair, pulls out a flask* It’s a bunch of pirates runnin’ around a-a-a- pancreas. We don’t whitewash it either, Morty. The pirates are really rapey. The top priority is to get you guys out of there, but I’m just saying, if that becomes impossible—
[Trans. Anatomy Park]
(The group listens to Rick, all looking glum.)
Rick: —please, you gotta treat yourself.
(The group is headed to the digestive tract.)
Morty: Geez, what’s that horrible smell?
Dr. Bloom: You mean the Panda Express? *chuckles* Kidding, I-I’m kidding. (As he speaks, Poncho and Roger stock up on bottled water from the Panda Express.) The body is beginning to constrict and fill with gas. We’re inside a corpse, my boy. Anatomy Park is doomed.
Morty: Forget about the park, Doctor! How do we get out?!
Dr. Bloom: The digestive tract is the evacuation route. Get it? There’s an emergency station in the colon with a ray that can enlarge us all.
Morty: Everybody! Get to the colon!
Poncho: Now I’m takin’ orders from a twelve-year-old boy?!
(As they walk, Dr. Bloom speaks privately with Morty.)
Dr. Bloom: Morty. The scar sacs containing the tuberculosis were sabotaged. This disaster was an inside job. Keep your eyes on Annie. She was written up several times by her manager at the churro stand.
Roger: Intestines are ahead to the left. Then the right. Then left. Et cetera.
(Morty slows to walk beside Annie.)
Morty: Hey, just so you know, I-I’m actually fourteen. So, you know…
Annie: What?
Morty: Not twelve.
Annie: Okay.
Morty: Because he just said I was twelve.
Annie: Oh. Good for you.
(She walks ahead of him.)
Rick (through speaker): Oh. Oh, Morty. Strike one.
Morty: *slumps forward* Nnn…
[Trans. Small intestine]
(The group travel down the small intestine in a raft, surrounded by animatronics singing ‘It’s a Small, Small Intestine.’)
Animatronics: *singing* It’s a road of laughter, a trail of food. It’s a pathway that breaks up the fat in food. It’s a tube in the chest and it sends out the rest. It’s a small, small intestine!
Roger: It goes on like this for miles…
Dr. Bloom: *excitedly* And then we get to the large intestine!
(A low rumbling can be heard.)
Poncho: Shh. *shines flashlight* I hear something.
Dr. Bloom: *whispers* Don’t move. Gonorrhea can’t see us if we don’t move.
(Gonorrhea roars viciously and moves towards them.)
Dr. Bloom: Wait! I was wrong! I was thinking of a T-rex.
(Poncho pulls out a gun, but before he can fire, Gonorrhea capsizes the boat and they all fall overboard. They swim to the ‘shore’ on the side of the intestine.)
Annie: We’re sitting ducks!
Morty: Doc! Didn’t you say the body was filling up with gas?
Dr. Bloom: Yes. Why?
Poncho: Kid! You’re a genius! *pulls out a match*
Dr. Bloom: Are you mad?!
Morty: *grabs Annie’s hand* Everybody! In here!
(They all rush into a cavity in the intestinal lining. Poncho lights the match.)
Poncho: Hey Gonorrhea! How’s this for a burning sensation?
(He throws the match towards the disease, where it ignites the gas and causes an explosion. Gonorrhea falls down, dead. Annie hugs Morty, who laughs.)
[Trans. Smith family living room]
(Leonard, Summer, Joyce, Jacob, Beth, and Jerry sit in a semicircle on the carpet. Jerry scowls and slumps. Leonard is playing a set of bongos while Summer sings.)
Summer: *singing* Drummer, drum, drum, drum! Drummer, drum, drum drum drum, Christmas drums!
Leonard: Oh, Summer. Sing it! Haha.
Summer: Christmas drums being played by a boy!
(Beth is clapping along when she notices Jerry sulking. She puts an arm around him.)
Beth: Jerry, come on. This is what you wanted.
Jerry: I get it, Beth. Be careful what you wish for. I’m being punished for taking your iPad.
Beth: What? Jerry, let that stuff go, okay? I’m sorry I was a bitch earlier. Let’s just be here.
(Ethan walks up to the sliding glass doors and lets himself into the house.)
Ethan: Ugh… Summer!
Summer: *stands up* Ethan, what are you doing here?
Ethan: I’ve been texting you for hours. What the hell?!
Summer: I don’t have my phone! I’m doing a human holiday!
Ethan: Did you even consider how that might make me feel?
Summer: How you feel? Why is everything always happening to you?!
Jerry: *stands up* Summer, do you have a boyfriend?
Ethan: Yeah, do you, Summer?
Summer: I don’t know Ethan, do I?
Jacob: *stands up and puts a hand on Ethan and Summer’s shoulders* Jerry, no disrespect, but you really need to connect more with your family, man.
(Jerry stares at him, flabbergasted.)
[Trans. Anatomy Park]
(The group runs through another metal security door and hurry down a platform to a growth ray.)
Roger: I should be able to access the backup generator to get the growth ray back online. If it works, we’ll be regular-sized in a few minutes. I just hope Ruben’s not in a room with white carpets or upholstery.
(Something roars in the distance, causing the area to rumble.)
Poncho: What the hell is that?
Dr. Bloom: The sphincter dam. We built it when Ruben became incontinent, but it was not designed to hold a corpse-load.
(The dam is clearly close to giving way. Roger keeps working to get the growth ray active.)
Roger: Almost got it. Everybody, move inside the circle!
(Morty notices a strange, black creature in Poncho’s backpack.)
Morty: Poncho? What is this in your backpack?
(Poncho turns around to face Morty, giving Dr. Bloom a view of the creature.)
Dr. Bloom: That’s bubonic plague! What are you doing with that, Poncho?
(Poncho grabs hold of Annie and holds a knife to her throat. Annie gasps and tries to kick free.)
Poncho: Everybody get back!
Dr. Bloom: Poncho, you son of a bitch! You released the tuberculosis so you could steal from me?
Poncho: *laughs* That’s right, baby. A lot of people would pay top dollar to decimate the population. I’ll take the highest bidder. Al Quaeda. North Korea. Republicans! Shriners! Balding men that work out! People on the Internet that are only turned on by cartoons of Japanese teenagers! Anything is better than working for you! *points the knife at Dr. Bloom* You pompous, negligent, iTunes Gift Card as a holiday bonus-giving—
Morty: AHHHHH!!!
(Morty leaps up and grabs onto Poncho’s helmet, allowing Annie to escape. He punches Poncho repeatedly before Poncho pulls him off his face and throws him to the ground, where Roger helps him up. Poncho laughs evilly, but stops short when Bubonic Plague bites his shoulder.)
Poncho: Ah! Eh! Get! Get off! *he backs up and falls over the railing* Ahhhh!
(The four remaining look over the edge as he falls to his death. Just then, the sphincter dam begins groaning, almost giving way.)
Annie: You guys!
Roger: It’s gonna burst! *urges the others on* Go! Go, go, go! *pulls a lever before trying to run after the others but catches his foot in some of the machinery* My foot is stuck!
(Morty holds Annie back as she makes to help Roger.)
Annie: No!
Roger: This is okay! It’s okay, just go! Tell my family I love them! They may be hard to find because my wife kept her last name and she made the kids take it too, so, I dunno, you can—
(Just then, the dam bursts, drowning Roger in Ruben’s excrement.)
Annie: No!
(Dr. Bloom seals the door to the chamber and Annie hugs Morty, distraught and crying.)
[Trans. Smith family living room]
(Leonard, Joyce, and Beth sit on the chair and sofa, Jerry and Summer stand, and Jacob kneels with Ethan in the center of the room.)
Jacob: Let me ask you something Ethan. Where’s the anger coming from, man?
Ethan: From Summer being a total bitch!
(Jacob takes hold of Ethan’s cheeks and forces him to make eye contact.)
Jacob: Where’s the anger coming from?
Ethan: …My brother… took me fishing once…in the bushes… *voice begins choking up as tears fill his eyes* I can’t… I can’t! *covers his eyes as he starts to cry* He made me feel like a girl! *sobbing openly* I’m… m-made me a girl!
(Jacob helps Ethan up to his feet.)
Jacob: He didn’t make you anything, man. You are who you are. *gestures to Summer* She is who she is. (Summer watches on with a sympathetic expression.) Now you go to her. Brand new.
(Ethan walks over to Summer.)
Ethan: Come here right now!
Summer: Oh my god, I’m so sorry Ethan! *they hug* I love you!
Ethan: I love you so much.
(The two begin making out. Everyone claps besides Jerry.)
Jerry: Um…
Joyce: You did it again, cubby. Come here.
(Joyce and Jacob begin to kiss. Jerry looks to the easy chair to see Leonard has gotten up and is backing into the closet, unbuttoning his shirt to reveal a Superman costume underneath.)
Jerry: No! Stop! I hate this!
(Beth, Joyce, and Jacob glare at him.)
Joyce: Well, Christmas doesn’t revolve around what you hate, son.
Jerry: Well then, I hate Christmas! Enjoy being human! You guys are gross and lame.
(He walks out. Summer and Ethan and Joyce and Jacob continue kissing.)
[Trans. Anatomy Park]
(The three survivors are in a small theater where an animatronic Ruben gives a presentation. Morty and Annie have their helmets off and are making out, and Dr. Bloom sits a few seats away eating ice cream.)
Animatronic Ruben: My name’s Ruben Ridley. You’re inside me right now, but by the end of this journey, I’ll be inside all of you.
(Dr. Bloom appears to miss every other bite of ice cream, probably due to his semi-aqueous form.)
Animatronic Ruben: My story begins in the dot com crash in the early ‘90s.
(The animatronic sparks, then goes limp.)
Annie: *whispering to Morty* You can put your fingers wherever you want…
Rick (through speaker): Morty, you wanna put it on mute or something? (Annie and Morty both look at Morty’s helmet, startled.)
[Trans. Garage]
(Rick is working on a computer, still talking to Morty through his headset.)
Rick: I’m trying to concentrate.
(Jerry wanders to the door.)
Jerry: Ah, Rick?
Rick: *holds up a hand without even looking over at him* Not now, Jerry. I’ve got much, much smaller fish to fry.
Jerry: *enters anyway* I wanted to say I’m sorry I ever judged you. *leans on the ping pong table, looking down at Ruben’s corpse* Right now, you’re my sanest relative.
(Rick, who had been typing away, suddenly pauses.)
Rick: Relative… That’s it! Relative size! Jerry, hand me a scalpel and a bundle of dynamite! *into his headset* Morty! Can you get to the left nipple?
[Trans. Anatomy Park]
(Annie is in Morty’s lap.)
Morty: Are you kidding? I’m hoping I can get to both of them, Rick.
Rick (through speaker): Morty, I’m talkin’ about Ruben’s left nipple!
(The area begins to rumble and cave in. Morty lifts Annie off his lap and both put on their helmets.)
Morty: We need to get to the left nipple!
Dr. Bloom: The body is decaying! (Bits of debris begin to fall from the ‘ceiling’.) The arterial transit system is useless! We can try the service shuttle. It’s connected to the skeletal system. That’s why we call it the Bone Train. *to Annie* Would you like to ride the Bone Train, miss?
Annie: If it’ll get us out of here.
Dr. Bloom: How about you, Morty? Would you like to ride the Bone Train?
Morty: Why are you doing this bit? We’re gonna die. Let’s go.
[Trans. Garage]
(Jerry looks on as Rick inserts a bundle of dynamite into an incision on Ruben’s abdomen. He takes a few steps back toward the door back to the house.)
Jerry: Well, I can see that you’re busy… Merry Christmas, Rick.
(Rick lifts Ruben’s corpse from the table and heads out to the car, dumping Ruben’s body inside.)
[Trans. Anatomy Park: the Bone Train]
Dr. Bloom: There’s no autopilot. One of us will have to stay here and operate it manually.
(Morty and Annie glance at each other, then look back at Dr. Bloom. Dr. Bloom glances at each of the teenagers. Morty and Annie continue staring at him.)
Morty: …Uh, well…
Dr. Bloom: No, you’re right. It was a dick move for me to even pause like that. This is all my fault. You go on.
(Something approaches the group from a nearby set of stairs.)
Annie: *points* What the hell is that?
(Morty and Annie jump into the shuttle as E. coli swarm the area. Dr. Bloom pulls a lever and the shuttle begins to move.)
Dr. Bloom: Oh wait, there is an autopilot. (E. coli surround him.) WAAAIT! ...OKAY, NEVER MIND, I WANTED TO SACRIFICE MYSELF ANYWAAAAAYYYY!
(As the train speeds down the track, some of the E. coli have attached themselves to the vehicle. One smashes the window of the train door and sticks its head inside.)
Annie: They’re chewing through the doors!
Morty: Euuuugh! *grabs a fire extinguisher and beats the E. coli off the train with it* We’re in the areola, Rick! Almost to the nipple! But we’re also in a really bad situation!
[Trans. Earth’s orbit]
(Rick flies his spacecraft out of Earth’s atmosphere.)
Rick: I’m almost there, Morty!
(Rick lights the end of the dynamite bundle in Ruben’s abdomen, kicks him out into space, and uses a growth ray to increase Ruben to an enormous size—large enough to make Morty and Annie their normal sizes again, but still inside him.)
[Trans. Earth]
(Various people across America stop what they’re doing and look at the sky as Ruben’s huge, naked corpse hovers overhead.)
Reporter: Reports are coming in from across the country about what appears to be a giant naked man over the continental United States. We now go to Tom Randolph in New York. Tom?
(As Tom speaks, Ruben’s terrifyingly enormous face floats overhead.)
Tom: Well, his eyes aren’t twinkling, and his dimples aren’t merry, but I’m standing under a nose like a seventy-mile cherry!
Reporter: Thank you, Tom. Let’s go now to Eric McMan in Los Angeles.
(Ruben’s poorly kept toes hover in the background while Eric speaks.)
Eric: We’ve got feet here on the West Coast, Bill! Giant feet, even relative to the giant man’s size! And you know what they say about that!
Reporter: Well, if the old adage is true, one can only wonder what is going down in the Rocky Mountains.
[Trans. Rocky Mountains]
(A lumberjack pauses while hacking down a tree, looks up, screams, and runs away.)
[Trans. Earth’s orbit]
(Rick flies his ship toward the nipple.)
[Trans. Bone Train]
(E. coli continue trying to break in, with Morty beating them away with a fire extinguisher. Running up to the front of the train, he and Annie see that Hepatitis A is has damaged the track.)
Morty: Oh my god, the track!
Annie: It’s Hepatitis A!
(As Morty tries to slow the train down, it flies off the track and straight through some of Ruben’s soft tissue, bursting into the nipple. The train hits a bump, throwing Morty and Annie out. They look up and gasp.)
Annie: The nipple hole…
(Through the nipple hole, they’re able to see Earth as the sun peeks over the horizon.)
Morty: It’s beautiful…
(Suddenly, there’s a crash behind them. Hepatitis A bursts out from the train wreckage and lumbers towards Morty and Annie.)
Annie: Aw no!
(The two run, and just as Hepatitis A is about to catch them, Hepatitis C snatches it up and shakes it like felled prey.)
Annie: Whoa! It’s Hepatitis C!
(Hepatitis C gives them a thumbs-up before lumbering away with its kill in its mouth.)
Morty: Um… We… Did we have some sort of relationship with him?
Annie: I… think they’re just like that? I think they’re just good guys.
Morty: Oh. Huh.
(Rick flies his spaceship into the nipple, landing it behind them. Morty and Annie climb inside.)
Rick: Where’s Dr. Bloom?
Morty: Sorry Rick… He’s dead…
Rick: Goddamn it, Morty, I ask you to do one thing!
(Rick flies the spaceship out of the nipple and away from Ruben’s corpse just before the dynamite ignites and the body explodes, sending blood and gore in all directions.)
[Trans. Smith residence]
(Joyce, Leonard, Jacob, Beth, Summer, and Ethan all bundle up to go sledding.)
Beth: Jerry doesn’t know what he’s missing.
Jacob: He’ll come around, Beth. Christmas is a special time. It has funny ways of bringing families together.
Beth: I dunno, Jacob. Jerry got an invitation to be alive today, and he rejected it. I don’t know if our marriage will—
(Beth stops talking as blood starts splattering the sliding glass doors. The whole group stares in shock as blood seems to pour from the sky.)
Summer: It’s raining blood!
Jacob: Listen, find Jerry!
Beth: Oh god.
[Trans. Jerry’s den]
(Blood is raining on the window there as well. Jerry is sitting in a chair, watching the news, when the family bursts in.)
Beth: Jerry!
Jerry: *stands and hugs her* It’s alright! The TV says there’s nothing to worry about.
Reporter (on TV): The giant naked sky Santa has exploded. Blood and chunks of viscera are raining down on the country. Everything should be fine.
(Family sighs in relief.)
Summer: Dad, can I have my phone back?
Jerry: Sure, sweetie. *pulls out the stocking and gives Summer her phone, then gives Beth her tablet* Everybody, take a device. It’ll help you relax.
Jacob: This is nice.
Jerry: Yeah. *puts an arm around Beth and Jacob* I guess we really learned something this Christmas, Jacob.
Summer: No we didn’t, Dad. No we didn’t.
[Trans. Smith house]
(It’s no longer raining blood, but reddish chunks of Ruben are everywhere as Rick lands his spacecraft, parking it in the garage.)
Rick: Too bad about Dr. Bloom. *Rick, Annie, and Morty exit the car* He was a genius. The only man capable of creating a new Anatomy Park.
Annie: Actually, I studied Dr. Bloom’s work. I believe I have the knowledge necessary to create a new, much safer park!
Rick: What about Pirates of the Pancreas…?
Annie: I think it was one of the most underrated attractions.
Rick: Booyah! Hold your breath!
(Annie is already standing under the shrink ray as Rick pulls the lever, shrinking her down to microscopic size once again, much to Morty’s chagrin.)
Morty: Hey, wh-wh- What the hell, Rick? What the hell, man? I liked her! I really had somethin’ going there, Rick!
(Rick pockets the container holding Annie.)
Rick: Yeah, so I heard. You dodged a bullet, Morty, trust me. *whispers* Puffy vagina.
Morty: W-What’s wrong with that? That doesn’t sound like a problem to me! I dunno!
Rick: C’mon. Let’s get some stuffing, I’m starving.
[Trans. Smith family living room]
(Beth, Leonard, Summer, and Ethan sit on the couch, Jacob sits in the easy chair with Joyce in his lap, and Jerry sits on the carpet. All are staring at handheld electronics as Rick and Morty enter the room.)
Rick: Oh, unbelievable. We got a bunch of robot computer people sittin’ around with their faces stuffed in computer screens. (No one acknowledges him.) Do you realize Christ was born today? Jesus Christ our Savior was born today! A-A-A-Are you people even human? What kind of Christmas is this?
(Jerry looks at the audience and shrugs.)
[End Credits roll]
[Trans. Rick’s garage]
Annie (through speaker phone): Hey Rick! Rick, can you hear me?
Rick: Loud and clear, Annie.
Annie: Great! We’re also on with Alejandro, our Chief Imaginarian—
Alejandro: Hey Rick.
Annie: Natalie Jacobs and Chris Desiter from Microscopic Marketing, Zach from Organ Concepts and Jamie from New Media.
Rick: Hey everybody.
All: Hey, hi Rick, how’s it goin’. (etc.)
Annie: So. Pirates of the Pancreas.
Rick: Yeah, talk to me.
Alejandro: Hey Rick, it’s Alejandro speaking. Um, so we asked ourselves internally, we asked ourselves over here, “Okay, what does a pancreas do?” (Rick begins to look agitated.) And the answer was, does it make pirates? No. It makes insulin, you know? So we’re starting with a new—
(Rick, furious, picks up and slams the phone, hanging up on the group call. Behind him, Ethan lies on a table.)
Ethan: So those guys are inside me, huh? Like, building a park?
Rick: Those guys are inside you building a piece of shit, Ethan! They’re inside you building a monument to compromise! Fuck. Fuck those people. Fuck this whole thing, Ethan.
Ethan: ….Cool. And who pays me?
[END]
[Configure Reference Popups]This article is a transcript of the Season 2 episode Auto Erotic Assimilation.
// used XhmikosR - www.addic7ed.com transcript for spelling reference of "Une"
Open Ext. Rick's Ship in flying through a planet's rings
(Morty is in the backseat, Summer is in the starboard seat, Rick is driving)
All: (singing) Love. Connection. Experience.
(Morty claps)
Rick: Yeah Morty
All: (singing) Come together. With love. connection, experience! [laughter]
Rick: It's my favourite song
Morty: Hahahahaha, yeah
(distress beacon alert chimes)
Rick: Oh yeah, distress beacon! [belches] Yeah baby!
Morty: You're excited about that?
Rick: The first rule of space travel kids, is always check out distress beacons; nine out of ten times its a ship full of dead aliens and a bunch of free shit!
[Rick makes a sharp turn]
Morty and Summer: Whoa!
Rick: One out of ten times its a deadly trap, but I'm ready to roll those dice!
[Trans. flying toward S.S. Independence]
[Trans. Rick, Morty, and Summer entering corridor]
Summer: Seems like something terrible happened here.
Rick: Yeah. Cha-ching. Oh yeah, if you find a room full of eggs, don't shy away from it, give one of them a shake. Those facehuggers are worth more than this ship.
(Rick is spray-painting a symbol on a closed door)
Morty: Uh, what's that?
Rick: This will make the cops write it up as a looting by the Korblocks.
Summer: That's horrible!
Rick: I hear you man, cops are racist.
(A door behind them opens with six crewmembers)
Rick: Oh, hey! You're alive! Thank God.
Female alien: Can you help us? Our planet was taken over by some kind of [pauses] entity! It absorbed the minds of our people!
Male alien 1: We didn't notice until it was too late. The people it takes over, they look like your friends, your family, your leaders, but they're not, themselves any more; They're part of It.
Rick: And how do you know it didn't get on the ship with you? Those two ding-dongs seem pretty calm about the whole thing.
(Two male aliens are calm and not panting and standing apart from the other four)
(They screech after Rick points at them)
Male alien with glasses: Hey! No, no- uurgh!
(Morty screams. The other four are assimilated)
Rick: Called it.
All six aliens together: Hello Rick. Long time no see.
Rick: Unity!?
Morty: Rick?
Summer: Grandpa?
Rick: Oh boy. Uh, these are my grandkids, Summer and Morty. Summer, Morty, this is uh, Unity. We sort of used to, uh, date.
[intro credits begin]
[Scene's of life on Unity's planet are shown; S.S. Independence lands]
Rick: Quite an operation you got going here Une. You're a whole planet now huh?
Unity (Administrator): After we broke up, I spend some time wandering through space,
Unity (Thin suited man): then I found this world,
Unity (Large suited man): where I was better able to focus on my passion for unification.
Summer: You mean stealing peoples’ bodies?
Rick: Summer, rude. Why don't you kids run off and play with Unity while Unity and I do some catching up.
(four aliens come over to Morty and Summer put a hand on their shoulders)
Summer: Ugh.
Morty: Wait! Rick, aren't these people going to barf into our mouths and absorb us?
Unity (Administrator): You're guests here on my planet, you're free to be yourselves; I've never been good at disappointing Rick.
Summer: Well now I'm going to barf. Come on Morty.
[Trans. to garage; Jerry is rooting through shelves]
Beth: Jerry, what are you- what are you doing in here?
Jerry: I’m trying to find our weed whacker, ‘cause our weeds are wack, yo.
Beth: But you can’t go in the garage when Rick’s not here.
Jerry: I can’t?
Beth: Well, he doesn’t like it.
Jerry: What’s he gonna do, crash rent-free at his other family’s house?
Beth: What is that supposed to mean?
(Jerry stands up and turns to face Beth)
Jerry: Your dad gets to walk all over us because of your abandonment issues! He’s playing you, shorty.
Beth: Oh, stop affecting that stupid hip-hop dialect!
Jerry: Stop shifting the crosshairs to my ironic urban patois just because your relationship with your father is toe-up from the flow-up.
(Gurgling sounds come from below. Beth and Jerry look around)
Jerry: What the hell was that?
Beth: (whispering) I don’t know, let’s just leave!
(More gurgling. Jerry removes the mat to reveal a hatch in the floor.)
Jerry: That is a hatch! Your father put a hatch in my garage!
Beth: You don’t know it was him! [pauses] Anyway, we’re not supposed to be in here!
Jerry: Obviously, neither is whatever’s gurgling down there.
(Gurgling)
[Trans. to Unity’s planet: Rick is approaching a news stand]
Rick: World peace achieved. Nice! A little weird to publish a paper about it for yourself, but hey. So what’s next?
Unity (Newsagent): After I become a type-one civilisation, this world will be invited into the Galactic Federation.
Rick: Oh, goody.
(As Rick walks, Unity switches between people nearby to have a flawless conversation without having to stop what they’re doing)
Unity (Customer): From there I’ll have access to countless planets and species.
Unity (Pedestrian): One by one, I will unify them, I will become the universe, and I will be what the single-minded once called a god.
Rick: [burps] I like that. Oh, that’s pretty sexy. Hey listen, where can I get a drink around here?
Unity (Old woman): Recreational substances were phased out here. There’s no need for escape from the self when your world is one.
Rick: Unity, Unity, who am I talking to? I watched you assimilate a whole police station just to get your hands on the evidence locker.
Unity (Worker): Rick, when we met I was a young hivemind with the population of a small town. People… change.
Unity (Busker): Especially when I change them. I’m sorry to disappoint you, but… I’ve grown.
Rick: Hey, listen, I’ve grown too. I have! See, I’ve- I’ve reconnected with my family, right?
Unity (Police officer): Hm, why is that I wonder?
Rick: Maybe it’s part of getting old. Maybe I just miss being with… a collective.
(Rick and Unity start kissing. A crowd forms around them)
Unity (Crowd): Yes Rick! Yes! Yes!
Rick: Oh yeah!
Unity (Crowd): Yes! Yes!
Rick: Wait, wait, stop! H-Hold it! Not like this. We need a hang glider. And a crotchless Uncle Sam costume. And I want the entire field of your largest stadium covered end to end with naked redheads! And I want the stands packed with every man that remotely resembles my father!
[Trans. to a mountain being carved into the shape of Morty and Summer’s heads. Morty and Summer are being fanned and eating hamburgers]
Morty: Look at ‘em go! So coordinated! What’s your problem? They’re making you into a Mount Rushmore! They made burgers!
Summer: Morty, open your eyes! There is no they! These poor people’s’ bodies are being used! They’re a planet of puppets!
Unity (Fan holder): I can hear you.
Summer: Ugh!
Morty: Well, seems like everybody here’s cool with it. Except for all those redheads. They seem like they’re in a hurry to be somewhere else.
Unity (Clown): Balloon, Summer? Balloon, Morty?
Summer: No, we don’t want your dumb balloons. We’re bored. Take us back to Rick.
Unity (Clown): Now’s… not a good time.
[Trans. to Rick in a hang glider and Uncle Sam costume, flying towards a stadium]
Rick: Oh yeah! I want youuuuuu!
Unity (Stadium): Go son go! Go son go! Go son go!
[Trans. to Earth: Jerry and Beth are looking down the hatch, which is open]
Jerry: Oh! Real nice! Real nice! How does a man do this without me noticing?
Beth: Oh, you know my dad. Once he puts his mind to something…
Jerry: You’re spinning this to his credit?
(Gurgling)
Jerry: I’m going down there.
Beth: Jerry!
Jerry: Beth, this is my house, which makes this my garage, my secret hatch, my hidden subterranean lair, and my faceless gargler. Now, are you going to keep hating this playa, or are you gonna jack my steed?
Beth: Okay, you’re just making stuff up now.
[Trans. to Rick, who’s walking out in a bathrobe, panting, to applause]
Rick: Oh my god. Oh my god. [Drinks water]
Unity (Redheads): Oh Rick, it was so bad.
Rick: What’s this ‘was’ stuff? I just need to hydrate and then we’re doing that again!
(Beta-7’s spaceships arrive from skyward)
Unity (Redhead): Oh damn.
Rick: Listen, if this is an invasion I gotta sit this one out, but I’ll- I’ll be back to have sex with the survivors.
Unity (Redhead): It’s a neighboring hivemind species, Beta-7. Our planet’s maintained a practical alliance for exchange of vital resources. (whispering) So be nice!
Beta-7: Unity. [pauses] Is it a… bad time? Are all… present lifeforms… assimilated?
Unity (Man with glasses): Beta-7, this is my single-minded friend from Earth, Rick.
Beta-7: Rick… Sanchez. Unity has spoken of you.
Rick: All bad I hope. [laughing]
(Rick laughs and puts his hand on the lead Beta-7’s shoulders. All Beta-7 assimilated scream and point at Rick)
Rick: Whoa, Jesus Christ!
Unity (Redhead): Beta-7, if my allies are a problem for you perhaps our alliance is as well.
Beta-7: Our alliance is beneficial. When Beta-7 expresses concern it- it’s only … be-because…
Rick: Oh snap! Powdered neutronium? Amphetetron? You know what I can make with this stuff?
Unity (Redhead): Oh… Rick, I- I shouldn’t...
Rick: Come on, it’s not every day that I’m in town! It- it’s for old time’s sake.
Unity (Redhead): Uh… Okay, what the hell! We can purify the resin and make fractal dust!
Rick: Oh, I was thinking velocitinis, but…
Unity: Aww, old man Rick can’t party with the whole planet?
Rick: I can do whatever you do and more, baby.
Beta-7: Hrmm…
(Beta-7 leaves)
Rick: You know, I think Beta-7 over there is hoping your alliance can be more than practical.
[Trans. To Rick’s underground lair. Jerry is searching with a flashlight.]
Jerry: Well, this explains the six thousand dollar electric bill.
(Both see Blim Blam chained up to a wall and yell)
Jerry: Well. Nice. Real nice. Alien prisoners under the house. Real nice. Nice. Reeeal-
Beth: Goddamn it, stop.
[Trans. to Unity’s planet, Summer is in the street on a soapbox with a megaphone]
Summer: Wake up people! You have to fight it! You’re under the spell of an evil monster!
Unity (Man with glasses): I can hear you.
Summer: Yeah! So you keep saying!
(She starts slapping the man)
Summer: Wake up! You have to have some individuality left in there!
Unity (Steven Phillips): Why do you hate me, Summer?
Summer: I’m not talking to you! I’m talking to…
(She reaches into his pocket and grabs his wallet, and flips over to his license)
Summer: ...Steven Phillips! Steven! Set yourself free!
Unity (Steven Phillips): Summer, before I took over this planet, this man was a registered sex offender.
Summer: ...Yeah, well so what? At least he was himself.
Unity (M.Biologist): This woman was a drug addict on the verge of suicide. Now she’s a marine biologist.
Morty: Listen Unity, I don’t think my sister’s trying to say that life would be perfect without you. I think she’s just saying that life would be… you know, life.
Unity (Old man): I have transformed life here into a paradise. Prostitutes are now scientists. The homeless are now phisosophers.
Unity (Old man): Philophiluh… phiphophibup...
Summer: Oh my god. Where did you learn to talk you grandpa-stealing slut?
Unity (Old man): I’m feeling… urk!
(The man falls down and vomits. All other assimilated in the area follow suit.)
Morty: Oh man! Let me help all of you guys up!
Unity (All): I’m fine!
[Trans. to penis-shaped house. Various assimilated are dancing. Rick is on the couch drinking]
Unity (Administrator): Do you know what I love about you, Rick? You’re the only single mind I’ve met who really sees the big picture.
Rick: You got that right. But… baby, listen. Y-you’re talking about taking over planets and galaxies, you gotta… you gotta just… remember to let go sometimes, you know.
Unity (Administrator): I can let go! Hey, look! You see that town across the river? Watch this.
(Planes fly past and bomb the town, blowing it all up)
Unity (Administrator): Ha ha! Woot!
Rick: Whoa! That’s not what I meant!
Unity (Administrator): [laughing] It’s okay! It’s okay, I evacuated! I evacuated the town, look!
Unity (Townspeople): Hey! Right here! We’re fine!
Rick: [laughing] Oh, that was awesome! My grandkids weren’t in that town, right? A-are my grandkids alive? … H-hey, my drink is empty.
[Trans. to street. More assimilated are dancing, though they’re falling over and puking. Vehicles crash. Morty and Summer are running and almost get crushed by falling beams.]
Morty and Summer: Aah!
Summer: Unity, what’s happening?
Steven Phillips: Who’s Unity? You kids have nice feet. Mind if I take a picture?
Summer: Gross, no!
(He takes a picture anyway and wanders off)
Morty: I think you’re getting what you wanted, Summer. Something’s happening to Unity.
Summer: Do… all of you remember who you are?
Ron Benson: ...Yeah. My name is Ron Benson. I’m… an electrical engineer. Father of two, and as you can see from my flat concentric nipple rings, I’m a member of this planet’s top race! [opens shirt to reveal ring nipples]
Summer: Okay, that’s good! Uh… Don’t focus too much on the last part, but...
Daryl Jefferson: I’m Daryll Jefferson. I’m a landscaper. And I’ll be damned if that ripple-nipple bitch’s race is superior! [removes shirt] The cone-nipple people will rule this world!
Ron Benson: You shut your mouth, you dirty knife-nipple bastards!
Daryl Jefferson: What’d you say to me, you target-chested piece of shit?
Alien man: Race war!
(The crowd breaks out into fighting)
Summer: Why are you fighting? Can’t you see you’re all the same?
Morty: Ah, Summer. Ha ha. First race war, huh?
Morty: Way to go, Summer. You started a race war.
Summer: I didn’t start it! They’re the racists! I… I merely empowered them to follow their apparently misguided dreams!
Morty: Okay, thanks for clarifying! Y- I’ll have a super accurate headstone now!
Rioter: Hey wait, what race are you guys?
Morty:[pulling up shirt] We’re neither! S-see?
Summer: Yeah, take my word for it. We just have regular nipples.
Rioter: Hey! These two freaks have no race!
(Morty and Summer run, and get chased by a gang of rioters, before getting cornered against a wall)
Morty: Oh, there’s no place like home! There’s no place like home! Remember, Summer?
Morty: From Dorothy and The Tiny People movie?
Summer: O-oh, yes, yes yes…
Morty: All the tiny people?
Summer: Dorothy, take us away! Take us away!
(As the rioters get closer, Unity (SWAT) drops in and surrounds the two, pushing the rioters back. An assimilated drops down and pulls the two into a hovercopter)
Unity (SWAT): Hello Summer. Hello Morty.
Unity (Pilot): It’s okay! You’re safe now.
Unity (SWAT): Yes.
Summer: Oh, Unity I am so sorry. I didn’t know freedom meant people doing stuff that sucks! I was thinking more of… a choose-your-own-cellphone-carrier thing.
Unity (Pilot): Oh, Summer, you did nothing wrong! I’m having fun with your grandpa! Lost a little control. Probably shouldn’t be piloting a hovercopter, nor should I be… running two hundred thousand pediatric hospitals and twelve million deep friers, but hey! It’s not like this planet can take its business elsewhere!
Morty: Um… should we maybe stop somewhere and get you a coffee? Maybe splash a little water on your face, or…?
Unity (Pilot): No, no, if I wanted to be sober, I wouldn’t have gotten drunk! Wooohoooo!
[Trans. to Rick’s underground lair. Blim Blam is chained up, Beth and Jerry are arguing]
Jerry: Oh man. I cannot wait. I cannot wait to hear Rick explain his way around this. He is gone!
Beth: Jerry, stop! Please, okay, we weren’t even supposed to be down here. If we confront him about this-
Jerry: Oh my god! I love this! I love that this is how far you will go for him. You wanna go upstairs, and cut carrots, and watch a lifetime original, above a fucking alien dungeon! Your relationship with your father is psychotic!
Beth: Oh listen to you relish the idea that my genius father is a bad person! Step out of your ego for a second and look at this thing! It’s a monster! He might have it chained up so that it doesn’t eat the planet!
Jerry: Right, because your father’s such an altruist? I once saw him briefly forget the word for humans! He’s probably harvesting this creature’s organs!
Beth: He’s probably racing to cure its space aids!
Jerry: He’s going to eat it!
Beth: He’s protecting it!
[Trans. to penis-shaped house, now on fire. Summer and Morty enter.]
Summer: Unity! This place is a mess!
Unity (Administrator): Oh, it’s cool! The part of me that’s the cleaning lady is coming on Friday. [gasps] Oh my god! I have a meeting at the galactic federation in an hour. Oh, I’ll never make it! Ah, I’ll push it to next week.
Morty: Unity, could you get Rick out here please?
Unity (Administrator): He’s… unavailable! He’s-
Summer: Having sex with you, we get it! Gross. Get him out here now.
Unity (Administrator): I don’t think he wants to be-
Summer: (shouting) Grandpa Rick!
Morty: (shouting) Rick! Rick!
Summer: (shouting) I’m gonna tell mom and dad about the gagoo you have locked up under the garage!
(Rick stumbles out, topless, wearing an ammunition belt, a mexican hat and pants, a fake moustache and clutching a bottle of beer)
Rick: What the hell… is your problem?
Summer: Grandpa, we need to go home! Now!
Rick: Fine, geez!
(He opens a portal)
Morty: Uh, Rick? I think we should all go.
Rick: Tend your garden, kids, I’m kinda doing a thing here.
(He puts his arms around two assimilated, who cheer and laugh)
Summer: Grandpa Rick, we’re not leaving without you!
Rick: Oh my god [belches] you guys I get it. You’re afraid the big bad hivemind is gonna steal your grandpa away.
Summer: Actually, no. I think Unity’s great and you’re a horrible influence on it!
Rick: What?
Morty: This isn’t healthy, Rick! Y- you know you-you’re really up to no good around here. I-at-at this place, you know?
Summer: You and Unity are like… like… leggings and mid-calf boots. You think you’re great together but you’re just bringing out the worst in each other!
Rick: Oh, gee, boy Summer, well put. Uh, why don’t we see what Unity thinks. Unity?
Unity (Shades guy): I’m just taking a little break from stuff. You know? I need to relax.
Rick: Oh, hey, wh-what’s this on the news, guys? L-l-let me turn it up.
Unity (Todd): In the news today, this looks a lot worse than it is. We’re… really just having a good time. Karen?
Unity (Karen): Thanks, Todd. Up next: Are you a concerned grandchild or just a buzzkill? We’ll tell you how you can really know for sure!
Rick: I think you two are a little outnumbered.
Summer: Okay! Well, what if you did it for me? What if you came with us as a favour to us… because you love us?
Rick: What? Dumb. Bye.
Morty: But Rick, Summer’s just-
Rick: Summer’s just a hyper-emotional, needy little- what’s the word I’m looking for here… uh- human! It runs in the family! I can tolerate it but I can’t give a crap about it. Take a hike.
Summer: Take care of yourself, Unity.
(Summer and Morty leave through the portal)
Rick: I’m not looking for judgement, just a yes or no. Can you assimilate a giraffe?
[Trans. back to Beth and Jerry]
Beth: You’re the worst!
Jerry: No! You’re the worst! You don’t support this family!
(The two start yelling over the top of one another)
Jerry: All you care about is yourself!
Beth: You think supporting the family is about supporting you emotionally...
Jerry: You’ve got two children being dragged across the cosmos...
Beth: ...but you’re unsupportable! Because it’s never enough, Jerry!
Jerry: ...by your dangerously ill father, and you force me to watch it happen!
Beth: It will never be enough support to satisfy you! And you don’t even know what it’s like…
Jerry: Because you’d rather lose them and lose me than lose him!
Beth: …to be afraid of losing anything because you cling and you cling and you cling…
Jerry: And why? Because you’re the child, Beth. You, not me, you!
(Blim Blam gurgles angrily and breaks free)
Jerry: Aaah!
Beth: Oh my god!
(Both back away. Jerry puts his arm protectively in front of Beth. Blim Blam moves past them and breaks into a cabinet, before pulling out an object and pointing it at the two like a gun)
Beth and Jerry: Aah!
Blim Blam: Um, first of all, hello. Uh, my name is Blim Blam the korblok. Second of all, cards on the table: I am a murderer that eats babies and I came to this planet to eat babies. However, I am also carrying a highly infectious disease, that I suppose you could call ‘space aids’ as you put it, and Rick did chain me up so that he could attempt to cure it. At the same time, Rick’s motivation to cure my disease was not to save my life or anyone else’s, but to patent and sell the cure for billions of blemflarks. But you know the reason why I ripped my chains out of the wall? And do you know why I’m never coming back to this planet? Because the two of you are the fucking worst! You both hate yourselves and each other! And the idea that it has anything to do with Rick is laughable! I’d laugh but I’m biologically incapable, that’s how alien I am! And even I’m sitting here listening to the two of you, and being like, what the fuck! So! Good luck with your shitty marriage, and I’m sorry that Rick has to deal with either of you. Blim Blam, out!
(He drops the translator and leaves, but quickly rushes back to pick it up again)
Blim Blam: You know what? I’m taking this.
[Trans. to garage. Summer and Morty have returned. Blim Blam pushes at the garage door but can’t open it]
Blim Blam: How do you- what is this?
(Morty activates the garage door opener)
Blim Blam: Uh, is there a slow setting? Best door ever.
(He leaves, flipping the two off with a penis-shaped finger)
[Trans. to Rick, who’s on the couch watching TV surrounded by several assimilated]
Rick: Aaah! [coughs] Okay, okay, now make him cry. But happy cry. Now make ‘em all make fun of the blonde one. Now make ‘em all do it on the table! I can’t believe you created a whole show for me. Now cancel it! Okay, now put it back on. Haha! [pauses] Alright, I’m bored.
Unity (Administrator): Rick, is there a way for you to call Summer and Morty? I feel bad that they-
Rick: Pfft, screw those guys! Uugh, I’ll be right back. Don’t waste your brain on those weirdos, Unity. They’re no different from any other aimless chumps that you occupy. They just put you at the centre of their lives because you’re powerful and then because they put you there they want you to be less powerful. Never gonna happen though, right?
Rick: Never! Back in a flash.
(Rick goes into the bathroom, and washes his hands and face)
Rick: Best weekend ever, Rick! I agree, Rick! Let’s see how long we can go!
(He goes back into the main room. Unity has disappeared, but there are letters everywhere)
Rick: Hey Une! You got any more-
(He picks up a note and reads it. Unity talks in a voiceover, using the voices of different assimilated for each part)
Unity (voiceover): Rick, forgive me for doing this in notes. I’m not strong enough to do it in persons.
(Rick starts wandering around town. The entire town is fil'led with letters. He picks up to read some as he goes)
Unity (voiceover): I realise now that I’m attracted to you for the same reason I can’t be with you. You can’t change. And I have no problem with that, but… it clearly means I have a problem with myself.
Unity (voiceover): I’m sure there’s no perfect version of me. I’m sure I’ll just unify species after species and never really be complete.
Unity (voiceover): But I know how it goes with us. I lose who I am and become part of you. Because in a strange way you’re better at what I do without even trying. Yours, and nobody else’s, Unity. P.S. I don’t know where those coal miners were before they got assimilated. You might want to get checked.
[Trans. to the Smiths watching TV in the living room. Rick enters from the left]
Rick: Hey.
Beth: Dad… [clears throat] I… um… Jerry and I were looking for our weed whacker, and found your subterranean lair… and your alien prisoner. And… he got away. And I know I sound like mom but I can’t sacrifice this whole family’s safety just because I’m afraid you’ll leave again, so no more alien prisoners, and, no more subterranean expedition without consulting us.
Rick: Okay.
Beth: ...Okay? Y-y-y-y-Okay like you’re gonna quietly teleport somewhere and never come back?
Rick: No. It’s your house.
Summer: Grandpa Rick! What happened… with Unity?
Rick: Who? Oh. Unity. Yeah, well, I mean honestly we’re talking about an entity that thrives on enslavement, you know. It’s not cool. Fun’s fun but who needs it? I’ll be in the garage.
(“Do you feel it?” by Chaos Chaos starts playing in the background. Rick pulls out two bulbs and puts together a metal contraption on the desk. He pulls a petrified alien out of the drawers and brings it to life with a flask of chemicals, strokes it, and drinks the rest of the chemicals. He puts one of the bulbs into the contraption and sticks the alien under it, destroying it, then replaces the bulb and repeats the process with his own head. Just before he’s killed, he falls unconscious, dodging the killing blast. The screen zooms out to Jerry weeding the garden.)
[After Credits scene: Rick’s spaceship is outside Beta-7’s main ship. Rick is driving, with Morty in the passenger seat]
Rick: Unity! Unity! Unity!
(A transmission comes in from Beta-7)
Beta-7: How can I assist you?
Rick: I wanna talk to [belches] Unity. Beta-7, I know it’s in there!
Beta-7: You’re classified as a hostile entity, and Unity doesn’t want to talk to you.
Rick: I know your game, Beta-7, I’ve met a billion of you, you little on-deck in-the-wind shoulder to cry on!
Beta-7: You are classified as a hostile entity.
Rick: Well, you’re just loving this, mother f- this isn’t gonna shape out like you think, pal! Unity’s not into other hiveminds! It’s gonna suck you in and use you up and a month from now I’m going to be making out with all of you in a bunch of red wigs! Unity! Unity! Unity, I know you can hear me! Get out here!
Beta-7: Weapons systems engaged.
Rick: Oh, in your dreams you have weapons systems.
Morty: Ugh, Rick, you said we were going to a movie.
Rick: We are, Morty. Alright, Beta-shit-7, you just got saved by the bell, bitch!
Rick: "they're no different from any of the aimless chumps that you occupy, they just put you at the center of their lives because your powerful then because they put you there they want you to be less powerful. Never gonna happen tho right."
Unity: "Never"
forgive me for doing this in notes, I'm not strong enough to do it in persons,
I realize now that I am attracted to you for the same reason I cant be with you. You can't change and I have no problem with that but it clearly means, I have a problem with myself. I'm sure theres no perfect version of me Im sure I'll just unify species after species and never be complete but I know how it goes with us, I lose who I am and become part of you. As in a strange way your better at what I do without even trying, yours and noody elses' Unity
PS. I don't know what those coal miners was before I assimilated, you might want to get checked"
[Configure Reference Popups]This article is a transcript of the Rick and Morty episode "Close Rick-Counters of the Rick Kind" from season 1, which aired on April 7, 2014.
[TheSmith family is seen sitting around the table eating breakfast. The viewer at this point doesn't know that this scene is set in a dimension that is not Dimension C-137 with a different Smith family, but this will be apparent at the end of the scene.]
Beth: So dad, guess what tomorrow is...
Rick: Martin Luther King Jr.'s birthday.
Beth: No... well, it might be...
Rick: It is.
Beth: Fine, but also, tomorrow is your one year anniversary back in our lives. I'm gonna make you flying saucer-shaped pancakes.
Rick: Oh, there's no need to do that, Beth. Regular pancakes are fine.
(A portal appears on their wall and Evil Rick and Evil Morty emerge from it carrying a gun and a tranquilizer respectively. Evil Rick shoots Rick in the head and kills him. Evil Morty shoots Morty in the shoulder with his tranquilizer and he passes out. Evil Morty then drags Morty across the breakfast table and he and Evil Rick drag Morty through the portal, and the portal disappears. The family screams in horror the entire time.)
[Opening sequence plays]
(The Smith family is seen sitting around the table eating breakfast. This scene takes place in Dimension C-137)
Beth: Happy anniversary, dad!
Rick: Oh, I get it. Regular pancakes are already shaped like flying saucers. [takes bite] Mmm, I should be making you breakfast for putting up with me.
Jerry: Should be making us a whole restaurant.
Beth: Nonsense, we couldn’t be happier to have you around. I just wish I got to see more of you.
(Three armed Ricks come into the room through a portal)
Rick 1: Rick Sanchez of Earth dimension C-137. You are under arrest for crimes against alternate Ricks by the authority of the transdimensional council of Ricks.
Jerry: Hey! What the heck?
Rick 1: Neutralise the Jerry.
Jerry: Wait, no!
(Rick 2 shoots at Jerry, freezing him)
Summer: Dad!
Beth: Dad!
Morty: Rick!
Rick (C-137): Everybody relax. If I know these a-holes, and I am these a-holes, they just wanna haul me to their stupid clubhouse and waste my time with a bunch of questions. Let’s get it over with.
Rick 1: Bring his mo-[belches]-orty.
Morty: Oh, man.
Rick (C-137): Leave my [belches] Morty out of this!
Rick 1: You lost the right to have a say in these things when you refused to join [belches] the council.
Beth: Wait, wh-wh-wh-what about Jerry?
Rick (C-137): Will you at least unfreeze my daughter’s idiot?
(Rick 1 unfreezes Jerry. Rick 2 and Rick 3 take Rick through the portal and all exit)
Jerry: -give you anything! I have a rare antique coin collection, just don’t hurt me! [pauses] Okay, maybe not antique, but it was a limited minting. They have little R2D2s instead of George Washingtons.
Beth: Our son’s been abducted!
Jerry: You hate me for buying those coins!
[Trans. Ext Citadel of Ricks]
[Trans. Int Citadel of Ricks. The three armed Ricks and C-137 Rick and Morty enter through a portal]
Morty (C-137): Geez, Rick! Wh-what is this place?
Rick (C-137): The citadel of Ricks. It’s the secret headquarters for the council of Ricks.
Morty (C-137): Council of Ricks?
Rick (C-137): As you know, Morty, I’ve got a lotta enemies in the universe that consider my genius a threat. Galactic terrorists, a few sub-galactic dictators, most of the entire intergalactic government: wh-wherever you find people with heads up their asses someone wants a piece of your grandpa. And a lot of versions of me on different timelines had the same problem. So a few thousand versions of me had the INGENIOUS IDEA OF BANDING TOGETHER like a herd of cattle or a school of fish or those people who answer questions on yahoo answers.
Morty (C-137): Hey, what do you know? It’s a cowboy version of me!
Rick (C-137): Geez, you’re easy to impress. Yeah, most timelines have a Rick and most Ricks have a Morty. This place is a real who’s-who of who’s you and me.
Rick Salesman 1: Turn your boring old Morty into a hot fashion statement, with some Morty dazzlers!
Rick Salesman 2: Hey, check this out!
(Rick Salesman 2 holds up a Morty doll and presses a button in the middle)
Morty Doll: Show me the Morty!
Rick (C-137): Dumb.
Rick Salseman 3: ‘Scuse me, sir, is your Morty insured? You know, every year hundreds of Mortys are injured in-
Rick (C-137): Back off! Not my cup of tea, this place.
[Trans. Hallway leading to the Council]
Rick (C-137): I say the point of being a Rick is being a Rick.
Rick 1: Save your anti-Rick speech for the council of Ricks, terror-Rick!
Rick (C-137): Hey, save your Rick rules for the [belches] sheep-Ricks, Rick-pig!
Rick 1: Fuck me, pal.
Rick (C-137): Fuck you? No no no no no, fuck me!
(They reach the end of the hallway and the door opens automatically, revealing the council of Ricks)
Rick Council 1: Bring up the holograms!
(A screen depicting several dead Ricks appears)
Rick Council 1: Twenty-seven Ricks brutally murdered in their own timelines. An unprecedented Rick-icidal epidemic. What say you, Earth Rick C-137?
Rick (C-137): You think I did this? Why am I the first Rick you pull in every time a Rick stubs his toe?
Rick Council 1: You [belches] have a history of non-cooperation with the council.
Rick (C-137): Yeah, so does the scientist formerly known as Rick! Wh-wh-wh-why isn’t he here in handcuffs?
Rick Council 1: Because he’s dead too!
Rick crowd: No!
Rick Council 1: Who else would you have us question? You fit the profile. Of all the Ricks in the central finite curve, you’re the malcontent. The rogue.
Rick (C-137): I’m the Rick. And so were the rest of you before you formed this stupid alliance. You wanted to be safe from the government so you became a stupid government. That makes every Rick here less Rick than me.
Rick crowd: (Can you believe this guy? This guy needs to get out of here, etc. Ad lib)
Rick (C-137): Yeah, murmur it up, d-bags. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got pancakes back home with syrup on top of them. They’re about to hit that critical point of syrup absorption that turns the cakes into a gross paste. And I hate to get all Andy Rooney about it, but I think we all like fluffy discs of cake with syrup on top! And I think we also like to be accused of crimes when there’s evidence! So as they say in Canada, peace oot!
Rick Council 1: Evidence? Good idea. Scan his portal gun!
(Rick 1 reaches into C-137’s lab coat and retrieves his portal gun)
Rick (C-137): Oh, come on. Don’t look at another man’s portal gun history. We-we all go to weird places.
Rick Council 1: Yes, but it appears you alone have been going to the exact timelines and locations in which the murders occured!
(A diagram appears on the screen, displaying C-137’s portal gun history. Entries for certain dimensions flash green before it finally settles on a select few which flash red)
Rick (C-137): What? That’s Rick-diculous. I’m obviously being set up!
Rick Council 1: Earth Rick C-137! The council of Ricks sentences you to the machine of unspeakable doom, which swaps your conscious and unconscious minds, rendering your fantasies pointless while everything you know becomes impossible to grasp. Also every ten seconds it stabs your balls.
Rick (C-137): I’ve heard enough.
(C-137 elbows Rick 1 and tackles him into Rick 2, taking his gun and shooting through his own and then Morty’s handcuffs. The two run away)
Rick (C-137): Run, Morty!
(A Morty from the crowd starts to run too)
Crowd rick: Uh uh, not you!
[Trans. back to corridor. Rick and Morty (C-137) are running, and are being chased by Ricks]
Morty (C-137): Aaaaah!
(Rick shoots into the side walls with his portal gun. As the chasing Ricks pass, several of them get set on fire, attacked by insects, dragged into the portals by tentacles or hit by falling pumpkins)
Armed Rick 1: Nooo!
Armed Rick 2: Arrrrgh! Ahhhh!
Armed Rick 3: Aaaah!
Armed Ricks 4 and 5: Oof!
(The two reach the end of the corridor, which cuts off to a moveable ramp which is currently down and is blocked by a railing. They leap over. As they fall, Rick C-137 shoots a portal beneath them which they then fall through)
[Trans. Buttworld. Rick and Morty C-137 fall through a portal onto a large butt mountain. They bounce off and continue running]
Morty (C-137): Oh! Oooh!
(Rick C-137 shoots a portal in between two buttcheeks, which they run through, with the other Ricks in hot pursuit)
[Trans. Pizza dimension. A pizza sits on a couch dialing on a phone, while another is lying down on another couch)
Pizza 1: Yeah, I’d like to order one large person with extra people please.
Pizza 2: White people. No no no no no, black people. And hispanic on half.
(C-137 Rick and Morty run out of a portal and shoot another portal onto the opposite wall, then run through. The Ricks and Mortys chasing them follow)
[Trans. Greasy grandma world. The dimension is full of greasy grandmas. A banner says “Welcome to greasy grandma world. Population: A whole lot, sonny!”]
(C-137 Rick and Morty run through, avoiding the grandmas as much as possible. They shoot another portal in the wall and run through. The Ricks and Mortys chasing them follow)
[Trans. Phone dimension. A phone sits on a pizza dialing on a person, while another is lying down on another pizza]
Phone 1: Yes, I’d like to order one large sofa chair with extra chair please.
Phone 2: High chair. No no no no no, recliner! And wheelchair on half.
(C-137 Rick and Morty run out of a portal and shoot another portal onto the opposite wall, then run through. The Ricks and Mortys chasing them follow)
[Trans. Doopidoo dimension. Several doopidoo creatures stand around repeating the phrase “Doopidoo” over and over]
(Rick C-137 shoots several portals into the wall, and enters the last one. The Ricks and Mortys chasing them enter the dimension but don’t know which portal to go into)
Armed Rick 6: They could have gone into any one of these.
Armed Ricks: (Ugh, son of a-, aw geez, aw man, we lost him, etc. Ad lib)
[Trans. Chair dimension. A sofa sits on a person dialing on a pizza, while another is lying down on another person)
Sofa 1: Yeah, I’d like to order one large phone with extra phones please.
Sofa 2: Cellphone. No no no no no, rotary! And payphone on half.
(C-137 Rick and Morty run out of a portal)
Rick: That’ll keep ‘em [belches] busy for a while.
Morty: Those guys were wrong, right? You don’t- you wouldn’t kill yourself… y-yourselves?
Rick: ‘Course not, Morty! How could that profit me? Someone out there is killing Ricks, and the council ain’t gonna stop thinking it’s me until we clear our names.
(The two pass a homeless sofa, who’s initially drinking but stares at them as they pass and dumps out his bottle)
Rick: By finding the real Rick killer.
Morty: I’m scared, Rick! Maybe we should go home and stockpile weapons like that show Doomsday Preppers.
Rick: Not really my style, Morty. Besides, your home is most likely swarming with Ricks right now.
[Trans. Smith living room. Jerry’s reading a newspaper, Summer’s on her phone, and a bunch of Ricks and Mortys are searching the place]
Rick 1: Alright, listen, Jerry. If Rick calls, this device is going to trace his location. You just gotta keep ‘em on the phone for thirty seconds or longer.
Beth: Who wants lemonade?
Rick 1: Oh yeah! Mmm! Oh, delicious!
Rick 2: Beth, [belches] you’re a treasure.
Rick 3: I have a Beth just like you in my [belches] reality, except you know what? She’s not as brilliant or [belches] attractive!
Beth: Aww, thank [belches] you!
All Ricks: Ohohoho! She did it! She did it!
(Phone rings. Rick 4 makes a signal to say they’re tracing the signal. Jerry picks it up)
Rick (phone): Hey Jerry, it’s Rick.
Jerry: Rick! Heyy. Haha, what’s- what’s up?
Rick (phone): So listen, the heat’s on and [belches] there’s nowhere left to turn so Morty and I are just going to fly my spaceship into a black hole.
Rick (phone): Is that cool with you, dog?
Jerry: Rick, no! Mortyyyy!
Rick 4: I got it! The call’s coming from… inside the house!
All Ricks: [laughing] (Look at his face! I can’t believe our daughter married you, too easy, etc. Ad lib)
[Trans. Chair dimension. Rick and Morty are in a restaurant run by chairs]
Rick: The Ricks are probably gonna waste some time messing with Jerry. They won’t be able to help themselves. But as soon as they get bored they’ll be on to us.
Chair waiter: Phones á la clams, and phonesgetti with phoneballs. Anything else?
Rick: Yeah, more phonesticks please.
Phone waiter: Right away, sir.
Morty: You know Rick, when I first saw all those Ricks and Mortys, I thought ‘gee, that kinda devalues our bond.’ But then I realised that just means that our relationship must be pretty special to span over all those different timelines.
Rick: Yeah, it’s gotta be that way. You’re a camouflage.
Morty: Camouflage? Wh-wh-what are you talking about, Rick?
Rick: Ricks have a very distinct and traceable brainwave due to our genius. The best way to hide from an enemy’s radar is to stand near someone with complementary brainwaves that make ours invisible. See, wh-wh-when a Rick is with a Morty, the genius waves get cancelled out by the uh, [clears throat] Morty waves.
Morty: Um… because… our personalities are so different?
Rick: Oh, shit dog! My portal gun was hacked remotely Morty, obviously by the real killer to frame me. But I was able to trace the signal. Come on, let’s go!
(The two stand up. As they’re about to leave, two Ricks and a Morty enter the restaurant and address the waiter)
Rick (C-137): Uh-oh!
Rick 1: ‘Scuse me, we’ve tracked a pair of dangerous criminals to this exact location. They look exactly like us, so in order to avoid confusion I’m going to mark us each with a red X right now. That way if someone has a gun and we both tell you to shoot the other one because they’re the evil one, you’ll know who’s lying.
Rick 2: Hey, check it out!
(Two person-chairs that look like Rick and Morty from behind are beside a table. When the two Ricks rush over to turn them around, it’s revealed that they’re not)
Rick 1: Dammit!
(They look out the window, to see C-137 flipping them off from in a police hovercraft. They rush outside, and the waiter follows)
Chair waiter: Hey, you didn’t pay your bill!
Rick 1: The red X! Red X!
[Trans. Green planet. Rick and Morty are flying in the police hovercraft, searching]
Rick: Hey, it’s a good thing that space outlet had labcoats and your favourite kind of shirt in stock, huh Morty?
Morty: Yeah, Rick. I-I heard you the first time. You don’t have to keep saying it over and over and over.
Rick: Man, this place is wayyy off the grid. This guy does not wanna be found.
Morty: Well, if he’s a Rick, doesn’t he just have to stand by a Morty to hide? I mean, isn’t that what Mortys are? Human cloaking devices?
Rick: Morty, you’re making a bigger deal out of this than it is.
(In the distance a dome comes into view. Faint yelling can be heard)
Morty: Oh my god, Rick, look! There’s a bunch of people strapped all over that building!
Rick: Not people, Morty. Mortys.
(As they get closer, it’s revealed that the dome is covered top to bottom in naked Mortys, who are strapped to the surface and are being tortured with contraptions that stab their sides constantly. Constant Morty yelling can be heard)
Morty (C-137): Oh my god… wh-why would somebody do this? It’s horrible!
Rick: Well, one Morty’s enough to hide from the bureaucrats. But you g- you get a whole matrix of Mortys and put ‘em in agonising pain. That creates a pattern that can hide even from other Ricks, motherfucker. I fiddled with a [belches] concept like this once.
(They land. Morty stares at Rick)
Rick: On paper, Morty, on paper! I wouldn’t do this, it’s barbaric overkill. I mean, you could accomplish the same result with like five Mortys and a jumper cable. [pauses as Morty glares at him] Which I also wouldn’t do! I’m just saying, it’s bad craftsmanship.
[Trans. Smith living room. Ricks are playing cards while Mortys watch. Jerry’s on his laptop]
All ricks: (Yeah! That’s what I like to hear! etc. Ad lib)
(The Ricks run into the kitchen, and the Mortys take the place of the Ricks on the cards table. Doofus Rick enters the house)
Doofus Rick: Hi Jerry!
Jerry: Leave me alone, I’m working!
Doofus Rick: Oh, you are? Wh-wh-what do you do?
Jerry: Ugh. I’m- I’m in between advertising jobs.
Doofus Rick: Advertising? Wow! So, people need help figuring out what to buy and then y-you help them?
Jerry: W-well, it’s a little more complicated than that…
Doofus Rick: Well, I mean, you do it, and you seem like a guy that really has it all together!
Jerry: [Looks around for hiding Ricks] Dude, are you… wh- you’re being a dick, right?
Doofus Rick: Oh gosh, wh- I hope not! I-I-I-I wouldn’t want to offend you in any way!
Jerry: You’re really a Rick?
Doofus Rick: Ohoho! Y-of course I am! Just as much as my Morty’s a Morty!
(Doofus Rick’s morty waves to Doofus Rick from the poker table)
Jerry: Hey, he looks a lot like Eric Stoltz from the movie ‘Mask.’ You know, the one with Cher in it?
Doofus Rick: That’s right, Jerry! He-he’s from a reality where everyone is Eric Stoltz mask people! He’s Eric Stoltz mask Morty! They assigned him to me because… I never had any kids of my own. But if I did, boy, I’d love ‘em if they were as smart and as successful as you are, Jerry.
(Ricks return with coffee)
Rick 1: Hey, get a load of this! Jerry’s hanging out with doofus Rick.
Rick 2: Haha, this is perfect.
Rick 1: Oh, is that the timeline where everybody eats poop? Jerry, you know this guy eats poop, right?
Doofus Rick: Hey! I don’t eat poop! Y-you guys are always so mean to me!
Rick 1 and 2: [laughing]
Doofus Rick: I guess it’s only fair to tell you now, Jerry… I’m the worst Rick of them all.
Jerry: According to who? Other versions of you? If I’ve learned one thing, it’s that before you get anywhere in life, you gotta stop listening to yourself.
Doofus Rick: Wow, you really are wise, Jerry. I-I guess that’s why you work in advertising!
Jerry: The fact that you feel that way makes you the best Rick of them all.
[Trans. Int dome. Rick and Morty are exploring corridors]
Morty: You don’t care about me at all! I’m no different than that jacket you’ve got on! Y-y-or-or your stupid portal gun! I’m just a tool! I-I’m just an object!
Rick: Hey, it’s your choice to take it personally, Morty. Now for the love of god, be quiet! The point of this is to get the drop on the guy!
Morty: You know what Rick, I’ll tell you something! I’m more than a human shield!
Rick: Yeah, that’s right! You are! You’re a perfect impenetrable sheet of human armour, Morty! Because you’re as dumb as I am smart! Which is why when I say ‘shut up’ it’s really good advice.
(Morty tears up. A bunch of lobster-like aliens come out of the nearby corridors and surround them)
Rick: Great, nice work, Morty.
(Rick starts attacking and kicking the aliens. He kills the first wave, but more surround them quickly)
(Evil Rick and Evil Morty emerge. Evil Rick is slow clapping)
Evil Rick: Ooh, look at you, C-137! You’re- aren’t you a tough customer?
Rick: The slow clap? Really? Kinda played out, dude.
Evil Rick: Not in this dimension it isn’t. In fact, hah, I invented it and nobody else has ever even done it here before.
Rick: Well lah-dee-dah. [slow claps]
Evil Rick: Hey, that’s mine!
[Trans. Rick and Morty have been apprehended and are being carried down the corridor by lobster aliens]
Rick: I don’t like the look of that Rick, Morty. We gotta escape.
Morty: I’m not gonna help you, Rick. Y-you’re a monster.
Rick: Don’t be Rickdiculous, Morty.
Morty: W-will you stop saying that? It’s stupid.
Evil Rick: Take his Morty away.
Evil Morty: Come with me.
Morty: Yeah, gladly. Geez man, Ricks huh?
(The two leave to the left. The view changes to another, smaller corridor, which the two walk down)
Morty: Hey man, you seem to know how this place works. Is there any way we can… shut down that grid and rescue all those Mortys out there?
Evil Morty: It would be pointless. Mortys have no chance of defeating a Rick.
(He opens a door)
Evil Morty: In here.
(As Morty walks in, he sees it’s filled with a crowd of scared, shivering Mortys. As he tries to leave, Evil Morty closes the door behind him, locking him in)
[Trans. Evil Rick’s lab. Rick is tied to an examination table. An array of computers and other devices are visible. Many of the Mortys from the outside of the dome are visible] Evil Rick: Ahh, isn’t it beautiful?
Rick: Yeah, yeah, looks like payday at Neverland ranch in here. Zing!
Lobster alien: Hehehehehehehehehe.
Rick: That guy got it.
Evil Rick: Ah-ah Rick, quiet. You’re missing my symphony.
(Evil Rick presses a button, allowing the sounds of the Mortys in pain to come through. He conducts it for a bit)
Rick: Hey, I’ll take it over Mumford and Sons. Zip!
Lobster alien: Hehehehehehehehehe.
Rick: This guy is on it!
Evil Rick: He’s not laughing at your dumb jokes, Rick. That’s just a random noise it makes every ten seconds.
Lobster alien: Hehehehehehehehehe.
Evil Rick: See, Rick, you’re not as clever as you think you are. I wanted you to find me. We’re not so [belch] different, you and I.
(Evil Rick activates a display showing all the Ricks from different timelines)
Rick: Yeah, duh!
Evil Rick: See this right here, Rick? I crunched the numbers, I created a spectrum of all the Ricks. I listed ‘em out from most evil to least evil. Here’s where I am. And look at right here’s where you are, Rick. This guy right here? Super weird.
Rick: I get it. So you want me to team up with you to take down the council of Ricks, right? Is that where you’re going with this? ‘Cause that’s where I’d be going.
Evil Rick: Please. I think I’m doing pretty good on my own. I’m simply going to download the contents of your brain, and then kill you.
[Trans. Rick’s garage. Doofus Rick is mixing chemicals and Jerry is watching]
Doofus Rick: Okay, if we add a little more titanium nitrate, and just a tad of chlorified tartrate: ovenless brownies!
(Jerry takes a brownie, eats it and smiles)
Jerry: It’s incredible what a gifted mind can accomplish when priorities are in order!
Doofus Rick: Well, come on, I can’t take all the credit, Jerry. It was your idea. C’mere Jerry!
(Both hug and laugh)
Jerry: Hey, uh. C’mere, uh. I-I wanna show you something.
(They exit the garage and Jerry pulls out a box, then opens it to reveal coins with R2D2s on them)
Jerry: Okay, look. Everybody makes fun of me for getting these, but… you’re a genius scientist, what do you think? There’s little R2D2s where the George Washingtons should be!
Doofus Rick: You know Jerry, I’m not gonna tell you that these will increase in value, or even hold their current value. The truth is… you bought ‘em ‘cause you like ‘em. They have value to you. That’s what matters.
Jerry: (tearing up) How long are you staying?
Doofus Rick: Until we find your Rick.
Jerry: (hugging doofus Rick) I found mine. I found mine.
[Trans. Morty prison. C-137 Morty is bashing at the door. He is approached by a group of Mortys wearing robes and facepaint]
Morty (C-137): Help!
Religious Morty: There is no escape, my son. We will find our peace in the next world.
(Religious Morty offers C-137 a pamphlet titled “The Good Morty”)
Morty (C-137): So what? Y-y-y-y-you’re just going to give up?
Religious Morty: We’re giving in to the power of the One True Morty. One day he will return!
All religious Mortys: Praise the One True Morty!
(Morty opens “The Good Morty” to the first page, then scoffs and throws it away)
Morty (C-137): Alright Mortys, listen up! My name is Morty Smith, from Earth dimension C-137! I know you’re scared, because I’m scared, but that’s no reason to accept our fate. We’re Mortys! We’re not defined by our relationships to Rick! Our destiny is our own!
Morty 1: This sounds like something the One True Morty might say. I’m sick of being a human shield! I-I-I-I wanna be a gardener!
Morty 2: I wanna write really crazy, intense action novels!
Hammer Morty: I’m more than just a hammer!
Religious Morty: He is the one true Morty! The one true Morty!
(The door opens, and a lobster alien walks in)
Lobster alien: Hey, keep it down!
(The Mortys rush the door, breaking free and charging down the corridor)
[Trans. Evil Rick’s lab. Evil Rick is going through Rick’s memories on a screen]
Evil Rick: You’ve lived quite a life, Rick. It’s a real shame you’re not gonna be around to see it through.
(The memories change theme to feature Morty in each one. Rick tears up)
Evil Rick: You’re crying? Over a Morty?
Rick: No, I’m just allergic to dipshits.
Evil Rick: Ugh, pathetic. We both know that if there’s any truth in the universe, it’s that Ricks don’t care about Mortys.
(The Mortys break through the door and rush at Evil Rick, killing the lobster aliens, surrounding him and tearing into him)
Evil Rick: Do your worst, you little bastards! Kill me! Do it! Do it!
(Evil Rick dies. Morty C-137 appears and approaches Rick)
Rick: Morty! Get me out of this! Come on!
Morty (C-137): You’re lucky I’m not a Rick.
(Morty C-137 unbuckles Rick from the examination table)
Rick: Point taken, but this is [belches] no time for arcs.
(He presses a button, disengaging the Morty shield. Mortys are released and pour down off the dome. Rick grabs a phone and rings home)
Rick 1: Yeah, hello?
Rick (C-137): Hey, what do me and O.J. not have in common?
Rick 1: Huh? Wh-who is this?
Rick (C-137): I found the real killer, biitch! Get over here!
[Trans. Jerry and doofus Rick are playing with legos. Rick 1 opens the door]
Rick 1: Yo ding-dong! We’re done here. Time to go.
Doofus Rick: Well Jerry, I [belches] guess this means goodbye.
Jerry: W-w-well, does it have to? Heh, you, you look just like Rick. We could maybe… you know… get rid of him? I’m not saying kill him, necessarily, I-I’m also not saying necessarily not kill him, but-
Doofus Rick: Jerry. W-we both know it wouldn’t work. It’s time to go back to our lives. I love you, Jerry. I love ya.
(Doofus Rick hugs Jerry and leaves. Jerry makes as if to follow him, then stops and punches a wall. The lego castle they built falls apart)
[Trans. Evil Rick’s lab. The Mortys are still fighting. Ricks from the citadel move in and stop each Morty, pulling them off Evil Rick’s corpse and bringing them back to the citadel]
Morty (C-137): Wh-wh-what’s gonna happen to all these Mortys?
Council Rick 1: They’ll go back to their families, attend school regularly, play video games, date girls… poor little Rickless bastards.
[Trans. Citadel of Ricks. The council has gathered around C-137 Rick and Morty]
Council Rick 1: Earth Rick C-137, the council apologises for its false accusation. And in the way of reparations for our terrible mistake, we would like to compensate you with this voucher for a free replacement Morty, in the event that [belches] your current [belches] Morty should-
Rick: Uh, guys? Not a good time. Come on, Morty, let’s hit it.
(Before they leave, Rick takes the voucher anyway)
[Trans. Citadel outside. Rick and Morty are walking away from the council]
Morty: Is it time for arcs yet, Rick? I did a pretty great job back there for a human cloaking device. Saved your ass.
Rick: Alright, Morty, don’t break an arm jerking yourself off.
Morty: Man, I can’t believe you, Rick! That right there! Tha-that was a great opportunity to show a little humanity. You know? To connect with me a little?
Rick: Hey Morty, you want connection? Go be part of some stupid club like all those dumb Ricks. You know, maybe I don’t connect because I’m the Rickest Rick there is. And you know, it would [belch] go without saying that the Rickest Rick… would have the Mortyest Morty.
Morty: It would go without saying, huh?
Rick: Yeah, it would. Did you hear me say it?
Morty: Nah… (to himself) The Mortyest Morty…
Rick: Just don’t get too big for your loafers, Buster Brown. A cocky Morty could lead to some big problems. Could be a real bad thing for everybody.
Morty: Oh yeah, how’s that?
Rick: I-I-I’ll explain when you’re older.
[Trans. Evil Rick’s lab. Evil Rick is lying in a pool of blood being inspected by Ricks. For the Damaged Coda by Blonde Redhead starts playing in the background]
Rick 1: What a mess…
Rick 2: Pride cometh before the fall. I guess he got what he deserved.
Rick 1: What is that?
Rick 2: Hand me the laser defibrillator.
Doofus Rick: Hey guys! Uh, c-can I help?
Rick 2: No! Go clean the toilets! Maybe you’ll make friends with some turds!
Rick 1: You make us ashamed to be ourselves!
(Rick 2 removes the top of Evil Rick’s head to reveal electronics woven into his brain. They pull out a chip)
Rick 1: My god! I’ve seen this technology before! This Rick was being controlled remotely, puppeteered by somebody else. This is the receiver!
Rick 2: Yeah, but where’s the transmitter?
[Trans. Citadel of Ricks. Mortys are being loaded into spaceships to be delivered to their respective dimensions]
(Evil Morty follows them, and removes his eyepatch, revealing the transmitter. He crushes it underfoot and hides the wires, then follows the rest of the Mortys)
[Credits play]
[After credits scene: Jerry is sitting in Rick’s bedroom, trying not to cry. Rick enters]
Rick: Wubbalubbadubdub! Oh. Hey Jerry. Wh-wh-what are you doing in my room, buddy?
Jerry: Nothing! I was just, um, checking the smoke detectors.
Rick: Alright. Okay, get out.
(Jerry leaves and goes down to the dining room. He looks outside the window and sees doofus Rick standing in the rain and smiles. Rick appears beside Jerry)
Rick: What’s that dipshit doing out there? Are you friends with him? You know he eats his own shit, right? Oh my god, this is rich! I’ve got like [belches] ten Ricks to call right now!
[Episode ends]
[Configure Reference Popups](A giant yellow head flies through space toward Earth. The Earth catches fire and land masses start collapsing as the wind picks up.)
(A man takes a golf swing in the middle of the storm. A large piece of land drops out in front of him, leaving a large hole.)
Man: Hey, golf is easy now!
(The hole gets larger and the man falls in.)
Man: Aahh! Golf is hard again! Golf is hard agaaaaaaain!
(A news anchor in a raincoat, Terry, is downtown with people panicking in the background as the giant head stares blankly at Earth. A news title says “ArmagHEADdon?!”.)
Terry: The view here is the same as yours, Jim. A giant head has entered Earth’s gravity, triggering climate change and natural disasters we thought were impossible for at least another eight years.
Jim: (in news studio) Let’s not make this political, Terry. Do we know what this giant head wants?
(Giant Head clears its throat, creating a large wind blast)
Giant Head: SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT.
(winds pick up and the tides change rapidly with its speech)
Terry: Jim, you heard *static* said, “Show me what you got.”
Giant Head: SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT. I WANT TO SEE WHAT YOU GOT. (lamp post falls over, Terry runs out of frame)
(Rick turns off the TV, they are on the couch)
Rick: Oh boy. Time to go, Morty.
Morty: Uhh, where?
(Rick puts on sunglasses)
Rick: The Pentagon. I mean, not THE Pentagon. *burp* The lame one, here on Earth.
(Rick and Morty walk out of frame)
[INTRO]
(At the house, winds still blow strongly. Summer, Beth and Jerry are standing outside.)
Summer: Is it God? If it’s God, do we get out of school?
Beth: It’s not God, Summer.
Jerry: She’s allowed to think it’s God if she wants, honey!
Beth: Shut up, Jerry.
Jerry: Ok…
(Rick and Morty pull out of the garage in the ship.)
Beth: Dad, what do you know about this?
Rick: Morty and I are going to look into it. You guys hold tight.
(they fly off)
(Mr. Goldenfold arrives on a moped.)
Mr. Goldenfold: Scary stuff, huh? Pretty freaky. Hi, I’m Morty’s math teacher. I’m also part of the street team inviting folks to the church downtown so we can pray together.
Beth: How is praying going to help?
Mr. Goldenfold: Ma’am, a giant head in the sky is controlling the weather. Did you wanna play checkers? Let’s be rational! I’ll see you at God’s house! (leaves)
(Pentagon war room, everyone is arguing)
President: Gentlemen, gentlemen, one at a time! Simon?
Simon: SETI, NORAD, and every broadcaster on the planet are attempting to show this being what humanity’s got. String theory, world history, the human genome.
(Nathan slams fist on table)
Nathan: Have you tried sending it launch codes? Mr. President, what America’s got is 70,000 megatons of KABOOM-BOOM! And I say we show it right up this floating head’s ass!
(Argument begins again. A portal appears and Rick and Morty step through.)
Guards: Hold it! Don’t move! (they approach Rick and Morty with guns)
Rick: Stay back! This watch turns people into snakes!
(Guards stop and look at Nathan for approval. Nathan nods at them, and the guards aim. A laser fires at the guards and they disappear, leaving only snakes.)
President: Stand down. Everybody stand down! I’m the leader of these people and I’m unarmed. There’s no need for any more snake-makery.
Rick: My name is Rick Sanchez. This here’s my grandson Morty. (drinks from flask)
Everyone: Hi, Morty.
Morty: Hey.
Rick: I’ve seen enough of the galaxy to know that what we’ve got here is a Cromulon from the Cygnus-5 Expanse. So you can forget about nukes, and you can forget about math. (points to viewscreen showing floating head) This head won’t go away until *burp* Earth shows them it’s got a hit song.
Everyone: Seriously, that’s impossible, etc…
Simon: You mean like Vivaldi?
Rick: No, Frasier. A live performance of a newly-written, catchy, original song. The Cromulon feed on the talent and showmanship of less-evolved lifeforms.
President: All right, all right. Thank you, Mr. Sanchez. Change of plan, people. Get me Pharrell, Randy Newman, Billy Corgan, and The-Dream. (no one responds) The-Dream? He wrote “Umbrella” and “Single Ladies”? You people haven’t heard of The-Dream?
Rick: You’re gonna wanna put them on that giant speaker system at your sonic testing facility at Area 51.
Nathan: How do you know about that?
President: For God’s sake, Nathan, the man turns people into snakes. He can use Google Maps.
Aide: Sir! Pharrell, Newman, Corgan, and that Dream guy. They’re all dead.
President: What? How is that possible? Do people just die when I name them?
Aide: The Grammys, sir. There was an earthquake and all the musicians... (sniffs, holding back tears) All the famous ones, they’re gone.
President: Dear God.
Aide: Hold on, sir, just a minute. Ice-T survived. He’s inbound on an F-15, ETA two hours.
Rick: Good luck, Mr. President.
Simon: Sir, the magnetic poles are about to reverse. In two hours, there may not be an Earth to save.
(Rick opens a portal)
President: Sanchez! Are you a musician?
Rick: I dabble, Mr. President.
President: Get this man and his grandson on a Blackhawk to Area 51.
(At the church, everyone is panicking.)
Father Bob: People! Everyone! Remain calm! Every crisis of faith is an opportunity for more faith! When God deals you an 11, you don’t fold! You double down, and always hit on a soft 16. That means you, Jews.
Jew: I beg your pardon, pastor, but the last I looked outside, it seems to be you that’s been dealt the weak hand. Jews rule! (no one responds) Nobody? Ok, tough church.
Principal Vagina: Hi, Principal Vagina. The name’s real, possibly Scandinavian. I’m just gonna come out and make this pitch. The old gods are dead. F*** all previous existing religions. All hail the one true god, the giant head in the sky.
(everyone reacts)
Principal Vagina: Ah, di di di di. (to Bob) Bob, Bob, I get it. But unless this (holds up a necklace with a cross) can beat that… what have you done for me lately? (tosses necklace to Bob) So if you wanna excuse me, I’m going out on the sidewalk and dropping to my knees and pledging my eternal soul to the thing that literally controls the f***ing weather! (walks out) Outta my way!
Pastor Bob: Ok, if sanity’s been restored to this assembly, I’d like to talk about the cost of repairing our new organ. Sally, the plate, please.
Mr. Goldenfold: (holds up a dollar) Ohhhh, this is my favorite part!
(Helicopters over the desert, subtitle “Nevada Desert: Restricted Air Space”. Rick and Morty are on a helicopter)
Morty: Rick, are you really a musician?
Rick: Who’s NOT a musician, Morty?
Morty: Me!
Rick: Yeah, not with that attitude.
Jump Master: We’re in the drop zone! I’m the jump master! My name’s Jamey! With an E-Y! Go, go, go! (Rick slides down rope)
Morty: B-b-but we don’t have a song!
(Outside the church, Principal Vagina is on the sidewalk on his knees)
Principal Vagina: Giant head in the sky, please forgive all that we’ve done. We’re sorry for increased levels of emissions and our racism. And of course, the amber alerts I keep ignoring on my phone.
(At Area 51 speaker system, Rick and Morty slide down rope out of helicopter)
Rick and Morty: WhooooOOOOAHHHH!!!!
(They land on a stage with various live performance equipment on it. The yellow Cromulon is in front of the stage staring.)
Rick: (picks up a microphone) All right, Morty, let’s get ready to do it! Why don’t you, uh, find a button on one of those keyboards and lay down some kind of beat?
Morty: Rick, I think we need to cut our losses. We get our family and portal out of here!
Rick: Morty! Good music comes from people who are relaxed. Just hit a button, Morty! Gimme a beat!
Morty: Oh man, ok, all right, um…
(Morty presses a key and a beat starts, Rick knocks over a mic stand and starts “singing”)
Rick: Ahhhhh yeahhhhh
Ya gotta get schwifty
(Morty starts beating a tambourine in rhythm)
Ya gotta get schwifty in here
It’s time to get schwifty
(The President and Nathan are watching the performance on a screen inside)
Nathan: Get… schwifty? What the hell is that?
President: It’s our world’s best effort, that’s what.
Rick: Take off your pants and your panties
Shit on the floor
Time to get schwifty in here
I’m Mr. Bulldops
Nathan: Mr. Bulldops?
President: Don’t analyze it, Nathan. It’s working!
Rick: Take a shit on the floor
Time to get schwifty in here
(Weather starts to die down around the world)
(At the church)
Pastor Bob: And third-level donors get our all access family pass.
Summer: Listen! The storm is stopping!
(On the stage)
Rick: Hey, take your pants off
It’s schwifty time today
(song ends)
Giant Head: Hmmmm.
(everyone at Area 51 waits in anticipation)
(at the church)
Principal Vagina: Please be kind to us for we are but tiny things with entire bodies stuck to your ground.
(at the stage)
Giant Head: I LIKE WHAT YOU GOT. GOOD JOB.
(Giant Head flies away)
(everyone at Area 51 cheers and celebrates)
(at the church, everyone lifts Principal Vagina, “What do you know, he was right! Hooray Principal Vagina!”)
Beth: Now hold on a second, let’s be rational about this.
(everyone stops and stares at Beth)
Beth: No, I’m… I’m just saying, we don’t know if there’s a cause-effect relationship --
(earthquake hits, Beth falls on ground)
Beth: Oh, God, what’s going on now?
(at the stage, Rick and Morty and Area 51 panic)
(The Earth is surrounded by an energy field and disappears. Earth reappears in another galaxy with four other planets, a disco ball-like sun, and several different-colored Cromulons looking at Earth.)
(At Area 51)
President: What the hell happened?
Aide: Mr. President, you’re gonna wanna see this.
Rick: I think planet Earth has just been transported.
(At the church)
Principal Vagina: The head has left and sent its children!
Beth: Holy CRAP!
(everyone gets on their knees)
Summer: Oh dear giant head, we apologize for that discussion! It will never happen again!
(everyone starts murmuring prayers)
(At Area 51)
Simon: Sir, we’ve started picking up on a garbled signal. We’re decrypting it now.
(screen gradually descrambles)
(Screen shows different bands of different aliens on different stages. Dance music plays in the background as the Cromulon narrates.)
Cromulon: WE ASKED THEM TO SHOW US WHAT THEY GOT. AND THEY DID. NOW WE’LL SEE WHICH OF THEM HAS GOT THE MOST. 24 HOURS, FIVE PLANETS, FIVE SONGS. BUT IN THE END, THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE. PLANET MUSIC! All participation is involuntary. Disqualified and losing planets are disintegrated by plasma ray.
Rick: Uhh, it’s probably a bad time to mention it, but any astronauts you guys had in orbit are definitely dead.
ACT 2
(dance music plays, Planet Music opening shows)
Cromulon: Welcome back to Planet Music! First up, let’s hear the latest song from planet Parblesnops. The Greebybobes! SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT.
Greebybobe: Hold it, hold it, stop! Music isn’t about competition or captivity! If you love music, you love freedom. Let these worlds be free, please!
Cromulon: DISQUALIFIED!
(plasma ray powers up and fires at the planet, blowing it up)
Cromulon: There’s one every season. Moving on to planet Arbolez Meterosos. Arbolian Meterososians. SHOW US WHAT YOU GOT.
Arbolian Meterososian: Ah two, three, four…
(The Arbolian Meterososians play a very simple and underwhelming song while looking at the Cromulons for approval.)
(At Area 51. Rick, Morty and Ice-T are in a studio with several instruments. Rick is playing a bass, Morty is poking at a keyboard, and Ice-T is in the corner. The aide comes in.)
Aide: Rick, Morty, Ice-T. The timetable’s moved up. Earth’s on in six hours.
Morty: Like we’re not already under enough pressure! (Morty flips a bowl of peanuts at the aide and it hits him in the head. The aide leaves.)
Rick and Ice-T: Whoa ho ho ho ho!
Rick: Geez, Morty. The guy’s just doing his job. Take it easy.
Morty: Rick, Ice-T, could you guys take it less easy?! We’ve got six hours to come up with a song!
Rick: Genius happens in the moment, Morty. (walks over to keyboard)
Morty: Well, can we at least go get our family? You know, so we can take them with-with-with us if we lose?
Rick: That’s planning for failure, Morty. Even dumber than regular planning. (presses a button on the keyboard) Balls.
Rick: Morty, Morty, stop! Listen! There’s only so much charge left in this thing. If we portal home from here and back, we’re not gonna have enough charge left to get off-world. Get it?
Morty: What?!
Rick: Yeah, *burp* you see, I try to shelter you from certain realities, *burp* Morty. Cause if I let you make me nervous, then we can’t get schwifty.
Morty: Stop saying it like it’s a thing! You made it up!
Rick: Hey, Morty! Could you lick my… (Rick presses keys on the keyboard with the sample of him saying “Balls”)
(The President, Nathan, and his aide are watching them through a window)
Morty: Rick, cut it out! That’s not funny, Rick!
Nathan: I’ve seen enough. These guys are one-hit wonders.
President: And what’s your plan, General?
Nathan: We still have the nuclear option. On my word, we can launch a nuclear missile at every one of those heads in the sky.
President: Our planet’s held captive on a live game show and your solution is to shoot the audience? You can put your faith in nukes if we get through this, General. Until then, I’ll put mine in Rick and Morty. “Get Schwifty” was a jam.
(in field outside church, everyone is dressed in robes wearing head hats. Principal Vagina is holding a homemade satellite on a stick with an earbud)
Principal Vagina: Hello? Yes sir, yeah. Thank you sir, thank you. He says he’s proud of what we’re doing and hopes we have a great Ascension Festival! Happy Ascension!
All: Happy Ascension!
(Jerry is holding an ice cream cone, Beth looks unimpressed.)
Beth: We should pack up and leave town now.
Jerry: I think it’s inspiring that our community is coping with fear in a way that involves a festival and homemade ice cream. If you’d stop being such an evangelical atheist, you might start enjoying yourself.
(Summer arrives wearing a head hat, holding two head hats. Beth double-facepalms.)
Jerry: Whoa! Look at you! You’re wearing the hat and everything!
Summer: Here’s yours! (puts hat on Jerry) Mom, do you mind if I cook dinner tonight?
Beth: Yeah, sure. Wait, what??
Summer: I love you guys. You gave me life. And it’s the will of the many heads that all children honor their parents.
Beth: Dinner sounds nice.
(Ethan arrives.)
Ethan: Pardon, Mr. and Mrs. Smith. Summer, are you coming to the Ascension?
Summer: Father, can we please go to the Ascension?
Jerry: Sure! Let’s go to the Ascension. Wh-wh-what is it?
(Three people are each tied to a bunch of balloons, tethered to a stake in the ground. One is labeled “Thief”, another labeled “Goth”, and the third labeled “Movie Talker”.)
Principal Vagina: We hereby send these un-wantables skyward that they might be inhaled by the many heads, later to be sneezed back to us as better babies! (cuts first rope) Headward, free now to rise. (cuts second rope) Headward, free now to rise. (cuts third rope) Headward, free now to rise.
Summer: Oh yes, yes! Rise to the giant head! You are free to be free!
(in the studio)
Ice-T: A squeegee comes up from the garage, right? And he’s got a lobster in one hand and movie tickets in the other. He’s like, “I’m ready!”
(Rick and Ice-T laugh)
Ice-T: Who would take a lobster to see Iron Man 3?
(Rick and Ice-T laugh)
Ice-T: Aw, damn. We’re out of original flavor Fig Newtons. I should get going anyway.
Rick: Wait, wait, wait! Come on, h-hold on a second!
(Rick grabs the portal gun, hits a couple buttons, makes a portal in the floor and drops through it. Another portal appears in the ceiling and Rick drops out of it with several snacks.)
Morty: What?!
Ice-T: Damn. You didn’t tell me you f*** around with portals and shit.
Morty: That’s it!
(Morty grabs the portal gun and gets up.)
Rick: Whoa, whoa! Morty! Give me that!
Morty: You lied! You lied about the charge! You were just being lazy! Get back! Sit down!
Rick: Morty, just put it down. You don’t know what you’re doing.
(Morty turns to a wall and fires a portal.)
Morty: I’m going to go find Mom and Dad.
Rick: Nooooo!
(Morty jumps through the portal and Rick tries to grab him, but the portal closes.)
Rick: Ahhhh, sh**!
President: Ah, sh**.
(Morty steps through different portals to different worlds, ending up in Buttworld.)
Morty: Ahhh, sh**.
(Outside of the Smiths’ home, Summer, Beth and Jerry are hoeing the front yard.)
Summer: And then Ethan played guitar and we learned the Seven Contemplations of the Head by singing them. It was really fun. Praise be the head!
Jerry and Beth: Praise be the…
Jerry: Yeah.
(Principal Vagina arrives on a bicycle with a seat, bell ringing.)
Principal Vagina: Hi folks, Head Priest Vagina. Thanks for farming all those potatoes. It’s 6 p.m., so if you’re a parent, you’re now entitled to adoration from your children.
Summer: I’m going to start dinner! (walks into the house)
Beth: I don’t know what to say. Summer is doing really well here.
Jerry: She’s aced every test in potato class, and look how important potatoes have become.
(Someone tied to balloons floats by in the background with label “Inappropriate Joke Teller”.)
Beth: She’s not getting pregnant or doing drugs or missing curfew…
Balloon Man: Please help me! You can reach me if you try. Please help me!!
Beth: That’s not our business as long as Summer is thriving!
(Inside the Smiths’ house, Summer serves dinner at the table.)
Summer: Taco time! (Summer pulls off the lid to reveal exactly 12 tacos.) I hope it pleases you as the head desires.
Beth: That’s wonderful, Summer!
Jerry: We’re so proud of you. But honestly, you don’t have to make dinner every night.
Summer: Of course I do, silly! (gasps and drops lid) Oh my God, daddy, I’m sorry I called you silly! I’m so sorry! (turns around and drops to knees) Heavenly head and cranial creator! Forgive my transgressions against family and community! May my chores complete me as I complete them!
(Summer sulks out of the dining room and up the stairs.)
(Morty stumbles out of a portal on a green world and collapses to the ground holding the portal gun. A figure looms over Morty, pokes him with a stick, then rolls him over.)
Morty: Birdperson?
Birdperson: You appear to be dying. I will make efforts to prevent this, but can promise nothing.
(In the studio, Rick plays with the keyboard and Ice-T is in the corner on his phone.)
Rick: Wh-What do you think, Ice? Probably a little over-developed.
Ice-T: Shit. Over-developed, under-developed. Bad songs are bad songs.
Rick: Well, do you think maybe, could you give me some help with it, or… ?
Ice-T: Ah, hell no, man. You do your thing, but I can’t afford to get my pride wrapped up in your shame. You know what I’m sayin’?
Rick: Ice, I don’t want to be a negative Nelly or anything, but *burp* if Morty doesn’t come back with my portal gun and I eat it out there, it’s, uh, kind of your problem too.
Ice-T: Pfff. I ain’t worried about no Earth blowin’ up, man.
Rick: What? Why not?
Ice-T: Yo, this is why.
(Ice-T transforms into a floating ice shard with the same face.)
Rick: What the f***? You can turn into ice?
Ice-T: My story begins at the dawn of time in the far away realm of Alphabetrium. There, every being is a letter of the alphabet. But I was frozen and exiled to the cosmos by my elders as punishment for not caring enough about anything. Earth is just one of the many stops on my lifelong journey with no destination. So you better believe I don’t care if it blows up! Cause I’ll just be ice, floatin’ through space, like a comet!
Rick: Take it from me, Ice. *burp* You can’t just *burp* float around space not caring about stuff forever.
Ice-T: Pshhhh. Man, watch me. Good luck, Rick.
(Ice-T blasts out of the ceiling of the studio.)
President: Ok, things are getting out of hand. I better make sure Rick has everything he needs to “get schwifty.”
Nathan: Oh, for God’s sake, that’s enough.
(Nathan pulls a gun on the President)
President: What the hell are you doing, Nathan? I’m the goddamn President of the United f***in’ States!
Nathan: I’m setting the nuclear option to launch one minute into Earth’s performance. And you, Mr. President, I hope you like being hit in the face with a gun!
President: Wait, wait, wait, why-why --
(Nathan pistol-whips the President and he falls to the ground.)
(At Birdperson’s residence, Birdperson serves Morty a bowl of food and tinkers with the portal gun.)
Birdperson: I believe I can access the history of Rick’s gun and help you get back to him.
Morty: But can you help me get to my family? You know, at my house?
Birdperson: Is your intention to abandon Rick using his own portal gun? In bird culture, this is considered a dick move.
Morty: All of Rick’s moves are dick moves! Wh-what am I eating? What is this, bird seed?
Birdperson: It is random debris. I found it in my carpet. I don’t know what humans eat.
(Tammy arrives wearing a bathrobe.)
Birdperson: Don’t be gross, Tammy.
Tammy: (leans over to Morty and whispers) Bird… d***.
Morty: Tammy… gross. Birdperson, you always stick up for Rick, but he doesn’t care about anyone but himself. He doesn’t think about the consequences of anything he does.
Birdperson: And as a result, he has the power to save or destroy entire worlds. And he is the reason you and I know each other. And the reason I’m alive at all.
(Birdperson points to a wall of photos of himself and Rick together. Last shown is Rick holding a baby.)
Morty: What’s that? Who’s that baby?
Birdperson: Morty, suppose you could retrieve your family from Earth but had to abandon Rick. I could give your loved ones shelter on Birdworld, even jobs, possibly as worm ranchers. How often do you think you might look up at the stars and wonder what might have been had you just put your faith in Rick?
(Morty stands in thought for a moment. Planet Music starts back up on the TV.)
Cromulon: That was Chunky Tunk with “Full Ming Mong, Empty Gorp Dorp.” Up next, planet Earth!
Morty: Oh God! We’re up?!?!
(At the church, Principal Vagina and other priests are talking with Jerry and Beth.)
Principal Vagina: Jerry and Beth, your family is a golden example of what Headism has to offer the world.
Beth: The world?
Principal Vagina: Headism is a hit. We’re taking it worldwide and would like Jerry to be our church’s “Head” of Advertising.
Jerry: You… would?
Principal Vagina: Beth, we’d like to promote you from horse surgeon, straight past human surgeon, to “Head” of Medicine.
Beth: That’s my dream! That’s my dream.
Jerry: Thank you. This is all so overwhelming, but, uh… we can’t.
Beth: Absolutely not.
Principal Vagina: I’m sorry?
Beth: We’ve been waiting 16 years for our daughter to respect us, but the key is, it has to be “our” daughter, not this person she’s become.
Jerry: We’ll take our chances raising her without fancy new jobs outside of a potato-based religion. (turns and puts his hands on Beth’s shoulders) And you know what? I’m sick of pretending that we’re together because of the kids in the first place! I married you because you’re the love of my life!
Beth: (puts her hands on Jerry’s sides) And I‘m lucky to have you and I never tell you that! You know, we will come out of this stronger as a family!
(Cut: Summer has tied Beth and Jerry to ropes and balloons outside.)
Beth: Please don’t do this, please don’t do this! Summer!
Jerry: Summer, listen carefully. I stole a paper clip and I have it in my cheek but I don’t know what to do with it and it hurts.
Summer: You’re going to be ok! (ties another balloon to them) You will come back as babies!
Jerry: I AM a baby! I’m a baby NOW!
(In the now empty studio, a portal opens up and Morty steps through.)
Morty: Hello? Is anybody here? (looks through the studio window and sees the President tied up) Mr. President!
(Morty darts out of the studio to the President and unties him. The President climbs up to the console and presses a button)
President: This is Bluebird. Code tango-niner-alpha. Abort launch. Abort! Hello? (releases button) He’s blocked me out.
Morty: Sir, I need to get to the stage and help Rick get schwifty!
President: It won’t matter how schwifty you get, Morty. The General’s got nukes set to launch halfway through Earth’s song!
Morty: Oh my God! C-c-can you fly a Blackhawk?
President: Can the Pope’s d*** fit through a donut?
Morty: Uhhh, I’m not sure?
President: Exactly!
(On the stage, Rick stands before the Cromulons.)
Cromulon: SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT.
Rick: Ahem. (starts a low-key, bouncy song) Uhhh… lop-oo-lop-oo-lop-oo-dups, nop-oo-nop-oo-nop-oo-nuts.
(Outside the church, Principal Vagina is preparing to cut Beth and Jerry loose. The Cromulons' faces become angry.)
Principal Vagina: Headward free now to rise!
Mr. Goldenfold: Hey! Look at the heads! Looks like the heads are gettin’ angry!
(In the desert, the President flies the helicopter clumsily to the stage with Morty in tow.)
President: I’m really bad at this, Morty! There are way too many buttons on this thing!
Morty: Mr. President, if I’ve learned one thing today, it’s that sometimes, you have to not give a f***!
(On the stage, Rick continues his song.)
Rick: Nup-oo-nup-oo-nup-oo-nups… ooh, tough crowd.
(Outside the church, Principal Vagina is preparing to cut Beth and Jerry loose.)
Principal Vagina: I’m sure that has… that has nothing to do with this.
(Principal Vagina cuts the rope and the Cromulons immediately start booing.)
Summer: The heads are displeased! (She jumps and grabs Beth and Jerry’s legs.)
Ethan: Summer! (He jumps and grabs her.)
(On the stage Rick continues his song as the Blackhawk arrives. Morty and the President slide down ropes out of the helicopter onto the stage.)
Rick: Morty!
(The Cromulons begin cheering with “Yay!” and “Hooray!” etc. with smiles on their faces. The now unmanned helicopter crashes off frame.)
(Outside the church, Summer and Ethan are pulling Beth and Jerry down to the ground.)
Mr. Goldenfold: The heads love this! They love it when we DON’T kill the Smith family!
(The balloons are released, but Beth and Jerry are still tied up.)
Principal Vagina: No! Stop that! You’re not allowed to interpret the will of the heads!
(On the stage, the President grabs the microphone and speaks to the control room staff.)
President: Call off the nuclear strike! This is the President. Stop the nuclear missile launch!
Nathan: Just launch the missiles!
(Nathan smashes a button and two nuclear missiles emerge from the ground in the desert. The Cromulons watch as the missiles fly toward the yellow Cromulon and lay puny explosions on its chin.)
Cromulon: BOO! NOT COOL!
(Outside the church)
Principal Vagina: I’m the only one that speaks to the heads!
(Cromulon zooms in close to Earth)
Cromulon: DISQUALIFIED!
Mr. Goldenfold: The heads disqualified Vagina! Get him!
(The mob runs toward Principal Vagina. The Cromulon zooms closer.)
(On the stage)
Cromulon: DISQUALIFIED! DISQUALIFIED!
(The plasma ray points toward Earth and begins powering up. The control room staff evacuates. The plasma ray heads right for the stage but something flies in the way and blocks it.)
All: Ice-T?
(Ice-T slowly crumbles from the plasma ray’s power)
Ice-T: That’s right, it’s me, Ice-T! I care now! You made me care more! With all due respect, I’d like to hear what Rick and Morty have to play.
Morty: What do you say, Rick?
Rick: I say… (grabs mic) Let’s do it!
(Morty presses a button on the keyboard and a different beat starts playing. The heads start with “Hooray” etc while smiling. Rick claps over his head and Morty dances a little.)
Rick: All right!
Morty: Ohhhh yeahhhh!
Rick: Come on, here we go!
Morty: Ohhhh yeahhhh!
Rick: Say it with me!
All: Head bent over
Raised up posterior
Head bent over (ahh yeah)
Raised up posterior
(Outside the church, Principal Vagina is ties up with balloons and rope. A different person cuts the rope. Vagina sees the heads smiling as he rises.)
Principal Vagina: Ohhh my GOOOOODDDD!!!
(On the stage)
All: Head bent over (yeah)
Raised up posterior (oh yeah)
Head bent over (oh yeah)
(Raised up posterior!)
Cromulon: After 988 seasons of Planet Music, the Cromulons have decided to declare Earth the final winner and bring our musical reality show to a conclusion. Goodbye!
(Earth is transported back to the right place.)
All: Yeah, we did it!
(Outside the church, everyone is still and silent.)
Mr. Goldenfold: Did he just say “musical reality show”?
Jerry: Yeah, it’s possible that we may have been correlating some things that weren’t actually related at all.
(Principal Vagina floats by in the background.)
Principal Vagina: HEEEEELLLLPPPP!!!!!
Beth: We should go get him.
(At Area 51, everyone is celebrating. The President shakes hands with Morty.)
President: I hope I can call on you again if we need you, Morty.
Morty: Sure thing! And I was kinda hoping that I could get a selfie with you?
(The President waves over Secret Service.)
President: Actually, if you try to tell anyone what happened here, we’ll deny it and probably worse.
(A Secret Service agent grabs Morty’s phone and snaps it in half.)
Morty: Understood.
(Nathan runs toward them with a gun.)
Nathan: DIIIIEEEE!!!!
(He is hit with an energy blast from Rick and disappears.)
President: Why didn’t he turn into a snake?
Rick: Trade secret, Mr. President. Particle beam in a wristwatch… snake holster on the leg.
(He pulls up his pant leg to reveal a holster which a snake crawls out of. The snake slithers away and a soldier whistles impressed. The President begins laughing and hugs Rick.)
President: I love this man!
[CREDITS]
(On Alphabetrium, Ice-T enters a great hall containing his elders: a grey J, a gaseous F with a female face, and a Q made of lava. All three are holding different scepters.)
Ice-T: Magnesium-J, Hydrogen-F. Father.
Magnesium-J: Word of your selfless acts on the Earth planet have travelled across the galaxy.
Ice-T: I have changed. I am ready to rejoin my brethren on Alphabetrium.
Magnesium-J: Very well. Your exile ends today!
(All three press their scepters on the ground and the scepters glow. The beams form another beam that hits Ice-T and transforms him into a letter T made of water.)
Magnesium-J: Welcome home... Water-T.
(The hall shakes and begins falling apart.)
Purple-P: The Numbericons! They’re attacking!
Magnesium-J: Battle stations!
(A piece of the building falls on Magma-Q. Water-T runs over to him.)
Water-T: Father!
Magma-Q: I love you son. I should have never turned you to ice. (He dies.)
(Water-T produces a pistol on each T-end and begins walking out.)
Magnesium-J: Water-T, where are you going? There’s too many of them!
(A dramatic zoom to Water-T’s face.)
Water-T: Then I better crunch the numbers.
(Water-T bursts out of the door shooting at several Numbericons. The frame freezes mid-action and we hear gunshots and screaming. A title appears: “This summer: Water-T And The Rise Of The Numbericons.”)
[END]
[Configure Reference Popups]Rick: Don't worry about jerry. he's gonna be fine. You here me Jerry? You're gonna be fine!
(Jerry pukes.)
Morty: Woahh!
Rick: ooo... Watch out for that stuff. It'll stain if it gets on your clothes, and it'll send into a murderous rage if it gets in your eyes or mouth.
Beth: Why would you keep mutant bacteria in a pint of Cherry Garcia?
Rick: i know this isn't the time, but, you know, technically the second freezer drawer in mine.
Beth: Not anymore.
Rick: You're overreacting!
Alien Nurse: We're losing him.
Rick: Alright fine, but you're not touching my crisper.
Summer: Is he going to die?
Alien Nurse: Don't worry. Dr. Glipglop is the best in the galaxy
Dr. Glipglop: Hello, I'm Dr. Glipglop.
(Jerry pukes a projectile of bile directly at Dr. Glipglop.Dr. Glipglop breaks out into a murderous rage.)
[Configure Reference Popups](Jerry and Summer are in the living room. Jerry is flipping through channels on TV and Summer is texting)
TV: Coin collecting is considered the perfect hobby.
beautiful putt right there good birdie.
That's only the eighth birdie of the day.
(Snuffles walks up to Jerry are sits there, looking at him)
Jerry: What? Why are you looking at me? You want to go outside? Outside? (Sigh)
(Jerry opens the door to let Snuffles out but he still just stands there)
Jerry: Outside?
(Snuffles pees on the carpet)
Jerry: Are you kidding me?! Come on!
Summer: Oh, my God.
(Morty hears his dad yelling and runs into the room to check up on him)
Morty: What's wrong?
Jerry: Your idiot dog!
Morty: Oh, he he didn't mean it, dad. Did you, snuffles? You're a good boy.
Jerry: Don't praise him now, Morty! He just peed on the carpet! Bad dog! Bad!
(Jerry grabs Snuffles by the head and stuffs his face into the pee puddle just as Rick walks in)
Rick: Morty, come on. I need your help tonight.
Jerry: Hey, wait, hold on a second, Rick. You wouldn't by any chance have some sort of crazy science thing you could whip up that might help make this dog a little smarter, would you?
Rick: I thought the whole point of having a dog was to feel superior, Jerry. If I were you, I wouldn't pull that thread. Come on, Morty.
Jerry: Listen, Rick, if you're gonna stay here rent-free and use my son for your stupid science, the least you could do is put a little bit of it to use for the family. You make that dog smart or Morty's grounded!
Summer: Ha-ha!
Morty: Aw, man!
Rick: Boy, you really got me up against a wall this time, Jerry.
(Rick goes into the garage and quickly whips up a helmet and comes back and puts it on Snuffles)
Rick: All right, Ruffles What's his name?
Morty: Snuffles.
Rick: Snuffles, shake.
(Snuffles understands his and shakes)
Rick: Roll over.
(Snuffles rolls over)
Rick: Go to the bathroom.
(Snuffles goes out of the room, a toilet flush is heard, and then he returns)
Jerry: Holy crap!
Summer: No way.
Rick: Yeah, you're at the top of your game now, Jerry. Have fun. Come on, Morty.
(Rick and Morty go into the garage)
Morty: That was fantastic, Rick!
Rick: Yeah, Morty, if you like that, boy, you're you're really going to flip your lid over this one.
(Rick shows Morty a tiny metal ear-piece like device)
Morty: W-w-w-what is it?
Rick: It's a device, Morty, that when you put it in your ear, you can enter people's dreams, Morty. It's just like that movie that you keep crowing about.
Morty: You talking about "Inception"?
Rick: That's right, Morty. This is gonna be a lot like that, except, you know, it's gonna may-(Belch)-be make sense.
Morty: "Inception" made sense.
Rick: You don't have to try to impress me, Morty. Listen, tonight we're gonna go into the home of your math teacher, Mr. Goldenfold, and we're gonna incept the idea in his brain to give you A's in math, Morty. That way you can, you know, y-you're gonna help me with my science, Morty, all the time.
Morty: Geez, Rick, in the time it took you to make this thing, couldn't you have just, you know, helped me with my homework?
Rick: Are you listening to me, Morty? Homework is stupid. The whole point is to get less of it.
(Rick and Morty get into the space cruiser and start going off)
Rick: Come on, let's just get over there and deal with this thing. W-we're gonna incept your teacher. You're frustrating me.
(Mr. Goldenfold is in his home, watching TV on the couch, eating nachos, half asleep)
Mrs. Pancakes: You don't know me!
Mr. Goldenfold:' Nice, Mrs. Pancakes real nice.
(Mr. Goldenfold falls asleep just as Rick and Morty sneak in through his window)
Commercial Announcer: Next week on "The days and nights of Mrs. Pancakes"
Mrs. Pancakes: You don't know me!
Mr. Pancakes: Then let me get to know yo, damn it!
Rick: Uh-oh! Spoilers!
(Rick quickly turns off the TV)
Rick: I'm a full season behind.
Morty: Wow, Rick, I can't believe we're sitting around, standing around in Mr. Goldenfold's house. It's really weird.
Rick: It's about to get a whole lot weirder, Morty.
(Rick puts inception devices on everyone and they enter Mr. Goldenfold's dream. Here, he is sitting on the airplane and Mrs. Pancakes is the flight attendant serving snacks)
Mrs. Pancakes: Wheat thins. Wheat thins.
Mr. Goldenfold: I'll take two.
Mrs. Pancakes: Oh, I think you've had enough, sir.
Mr.Goldenfold: You don't know me.
Rick: All right, Morty, time to make our move.
(Rick grabs some sodas and a cloth while Mr. Goldenfold and Mrs. Pancakes play around with each other)
Mr. Goldenfold: Make it bounce.
Mrs. Pancakes: No, you didn't.
Mr. Goldenfold: Oh, jiggle it now.
Mrs. Pancakes: You better stop with that.
(Rick and Morty jump out, disguised as Muslim terrorists, wearing soda bottles as bombs and Morty wearing the cloth on his head like an Islamic woman)
Rick: Allahu (Belch) akbar! We're gonna take control of this plane! We're gonna 9/11 it unless Morty Smith gets better grades in math!
(The passengers are frozen in shock, but Mr. Goldenfold gets up and stands against him)
Rick: Hey! I said nobody move, buddy!
Mr. Goldenfold: The name's not buddy. It's Goldenfold. Nice to wheat you!
(Mr. Goldenfold throws a bunch of wheat thins at them, and it cuts their flesh like ninja stars)
Rick: Take cover, Morty!
(Mr. Goldenfold suddenly takes out two giant firearms and starts firing them at the two, just after Rick and Morty hide behind the seats, sheltering themselves from the attacks.)
Mr. Goldenfold: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Morty: Ooohhh!
Rick: Goldenfold's got more control here than I anticipated. I mean, the guy teaches high-school math. (Belch) I didn't take him for an active dreamer. We've got to take him out so he wakes up, Morty but we can't get killed. If you get killed in someone else's dream, you die for real, Morty.
Morty: What?! Are you kidding me?! Ohhhhhh!
Rick: Don't be a baby! You avoid getting shot in real life all the time, Morty. Just do the same thing here, and we'll be fine!
(Jerry is in the living room, controlling Snuffles and showing to Beth how cool it is)
Jerry: Now bring me my slippers.
(Snuffles brings Jerry his slippers)
Summer: Now, be my footstool, Snuffles.
(Snuffles stands in front of her and Summer rests her feet there)
Jerry: This is what I'm talking about. This is a dog.
Beth (Unimpressed): Oh, yeah. This should play out just fine.
Jerry: You said the same thing, equally sarcastically, at our wedding and guess what?
(Everyone is silent for a few seconds while Beth gives him blank stare. Jerry slowly starts to fade into a depressed state as Beth walks off, leaving him)
Snuffles: Ooowwwwowowwaawaa!
Summer: Oh, my God! He's trying to tell us something. (Offscreen) That is so awesome.
Snuffles: Aaaawwaaaaawaawa!
Jerry: Aw, he's saying "I love lasagna".
Snuffles: Ooooyayawawa!
Summer: He's saying "I love Obama". (Offscreen) So cute! I'm posting this (Onscreen) online, like, right now.
Jerry: I should call Bob Saget. Is that still a thing?
(Jerry and Summer leave the room and Snuffles sadly walks over the the glass door and sees his helmet in the reflection)
Snuffles: Hmm?
(Snuffles finds the battery case on his helmet and then goes into the kitchen, where he finds a drawer full of batteries)
(Mr. Goldenfold is still shooting things up in the plane and Rick attempts to make peace with him)
Rick: Goldenfold, we're coming out! We just want to talk!
Mr.Goldenfold: Why would I negotiate with you?
Rick: Because we're both rational adults that don't want anything bad to happen. And because I have a human shield.
(Rick takes out Mrs. Pancakes)
Mr. Goldenfold: Mrs. Pancakes! AAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!
Plane Passengers: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rick: Oh, no, Morty. His subconscious is panicking.
Plane Passenger: Oh no! Run!
(One of the passengers beats the airlock off the plane and everyone flies out)
Plane Passengers: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rick: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoooooaaaa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoooooaaaa!
Morty: Whooooa! Whoooooooa! Whoa! Whooooooooaaaaa!
(Rick and Morty fall out of the plane, plummeting to their dooms)
Morty: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
Rick: Relax, Morty. Look! Mrs. Pancakes has a parachute. Come on!
(Rick and Morty grab onto Mrs. Pancakes are her parachute deploys)
Mrs. Pancakes: Hey, you don't know me!
Morty: Oh, no, Rick, look! Goldenfold landed the plane, and he's created a (Offscreen) mechanical arm to pluck Mrs. Pancakes out of the air while he lets us fall - into a giant vat of lava!
Rick: Pretty concise, Morty. Looks like we've merely prolonged the inevitable. That's it, Morty! Prolonging the inevitable! Listen, if we go into Mrs. Pancakes' dream, everything will go 100 times slower, Morty. That'll buy us some time to figure this out!
Mrs. Pancakes: You don't know m-
(Rick slaps Mrs. Pancakes, knocking her out, and then incepts her dream with Morty)
Rick: All right, let's go.
(Rick and Morty go inside of her dream which is a bizarre S&M dungeon filled with obscure gooey, monstrous, alien-like creatures)
Morty: Oh, man, Rick, this is pretty weird.
Rick: Don't judge, Morty.
Morty: Okay. All right, well Look, Mrs. Pancakes is right over there. I'll just go ask her to tell goldenfold not to kill us when she wakes up.
Rick: Whoa, whoa, Morty, the trick to incepting is making people think they came up with the idea. Listen to me. If we're gonna incept Mrs. Pancakes, we have to blend. I'll talk to you after lunch.
(Rick leaves Morty and blends in and then Morty in confronted by a sexualized creature)
Sexualized S&M Monster: Ooh, hey!
Morty: Ooh, oh! Oh, man.
(Many more creatures come up and try to seduce him, making him more uncomfortable)
Sexualized S&M Monster: Come and join us.
(Morty starts running)
Morty: I'm sorry. No, no.
Sexualized S&M Monster: Ooh, come here!
Morty: No, thanks!
Giant Frog Woman: Ooh, wow! - Come over here, baby!
Morty: No, I'm okay.
(Morty bumps into a human being who looks very hot)
Morty: Whoa!
(The human is revealed to be his sister, Summer)
Morty (Shocked): Summer?!
Summer: Hey, there, stranger. What do you think of these things?
(Summer shakes her tits in his face)
Morty: Ohh! Oh! Gross! Gross!
(Morty starts running away from her and Rick comes up)
Rick: Whoa, whoa, whoa! What's the matter with you, Morty? Calm down! You're kind of killing the vibe in here.
Morty: It's Summer! Aw, geez.
Rick; Looks like goldenfold has some predilections so shameful he buries them in the dreams of the people in his dreams, including a pervy attraction to your underage sister.
Summer: Can you blame him? Come on, old man, little boy. Let's make an inter-generational sandwich.
Rick (In Unison With Morty): Oh, my God. Put some clothes on for the love of God Summer! Put some - I'm gunna puke! I swear to God I'm gunna puke!
Morty (In Unison With Rick): Oh, my God! Put some clothes on, for Pete's sake! This is disgusting! I can't take it, Rick!
(Everyone in the dungeon starts noticing them and then an angry centaur who is very much in charge shows up)
Centaur: Sexual hang-ups in the pleasure chamber are punishable by death! Off with their heads!
Rick: Time to go another dream deep, Morty!
(Rick pops the neck of the centaur and they hook up more devices and incept his dream)
(Rick and Morty appear in a dark and horrid red rusted chamber where the Centaur is shuttering in fear)
Morty: What the hell? Why would Mr. Goldenfold's dream version of Mrs.
Pancakes' dream version of a Centaur be dreaming about a scary place like this, Rick?
Rick: Geez, I don't know, Morty. Wha-what do you want from me?
(A horrible Freddy Krueger monster named Scary Terry shows up, and starts to horrify them)
Scary Terry: Welcome to your nightmare, bitch! RAAAAAWWWRRR!
Rick: Oh, here we go!
Morty: Ooooooohhhhh! Holy crap!
(Rick and Morty start running and Scary Terry chases after them)
Rick: Looks like some sort of legally safe knock-off of an '80s horror character with miniature swords for fingers instead of knives.
Scary Terry: I'm scary Terry. You can run, but you can't hide, bitch!
(Jerry and Summer are in the living room and Snuffles appears with a robotic arm attached to his helmet)
Jerry: Whoa! Hey, buddy. What you got going on there?
(Snuffles is now able to communicate and speak English through the helmet)
Snuffles: Snuffles fix. Make better.
Summer: Humans understand snuffles now? That is awesome!
Snuffles: Snuffles want to be understood. Snuffles need to be understood.
Jerry: Okay, yeah. I get what Beth was talking about. Fun's over.
Summer: Whoa, dad, you can't, like, endow a creature with sentience and then rip it away.
Jerry: Why not?
Summer: I don't know. It's Indian giving.
(Snuffles turns on the TV to a documentary on dogs and starts watching it)
TV: A sophisticated predator, nature's perfect killing machine, the vicious wolf stalks its prey with purpose and skill. It was only with years of selective breeding and genetic altering that this noble beast was transformed into man's subservient little buddy.
Summer: Aw! Oh, my God! He recognizes the other dogs on TV.
(Back in the dream, Rick and Morty are running for their lives, when they come across a creepy singing jump roping girl)
Little Girl: "A," "b" his name is scary Terry "C," "d" he's very scary.
Rick: Holy crap! We have to escape into someone else's dreams, Morty!
Morty: Oh, man, oh, man, oh, man!
Little Girl: "E," "f" he'll design your death
Rick: The little girl!
Morty: Huh?
(Rick and Morty knock out the little girl and incept her dream, only to go into a place exactly like the one they're already in)
Little Girl: "J," "k," he'll really ruin your day.
Rick: Are you kidding me? This again? Oh, man, it looks like we've hit dream bedrock here, Morty.
Morty: Oh, geez, Rick. W-w-whoa, this isn't good.
Scary Terry: Nothing but fear from here on out, bitch!
Morty: Ohhhh!
Rick: Holy crap, Morty. He can travel through dreams. He can travel through dreams! We're so screwed!
(Summer is sleeping in the middle of the night but is then woken up by Snuffles, who now has an entire robot body)
Snuffles: Where are my testicles, Summer? ... Where are my testicles, Summer? They were removed. Where have they gone?
Summer (Scared): Oh, wow. That's an intense line of questioning, Snuffles.
Snuffles: Do not call me that!
(Snuffles smashes the mirror, making Summer shriek in fear)
Snuffles: "Snuffles" was my slave name. You shall now call me Snowball, because my fur is pretty and white.
Summer: Okay, Snowball, just calm down, okay? You're scaring me.
Snuffles: Scaring you?
(Snuffles smashes the mirror, making Summer shriek in fear)
Summer: AAAAAAAHHH!!!!!
Snuffles: Tell me, Summer, if a human was born with stumpy legs, would they breed it with another deformed human and put their children on display like the dachshund?
Summer: Uhhh ...
(Beth and Jerry rush into the room, hearing her scream and they notice Snuffles)
Jerry: Hey. Oh, wow. Okay, is is is everything okay in here?
Snuffles: Jerry, come to rub my face in urine again?
Jerry (Scared): No! No, we were uh, just seeing if Summer wanted to uh ...
Beth (Scared): G-Go on, um, one of our famous midnight family walks!
Summer: Yeah. Totally. Let's go.
(Beth, Jerry, and Summer try to leave, but they are stopped by another dog with a robotic mind control suit)
Snuffles: You will walk when it is time to walk.
(Screen cuts to black for the intermission break)
Rick: What are we here for again? Incepting? We're trying to incept-
Morty: We're trying to incept me to get an "A" in math?
Rick: Oh, yeah.
(Scary Terry appears in the car)
Scary Terry: Buckle up, bitch!
Morty: Ooooooaaahhh!
(Rick and Morty start running)
Morty: Man, he sure says "bitch" a lot!
Scary Terry: You can run, but you can't hide, bitch!
Rick: Hold on, Morty. Y-you know what? He keeps saying we can run but we can hide. I say we try hiding.
Morty: But that's the opposite of what-
Rick: Yeah, well, since when are we taking this guy's advice on anything?
Morty: Hey, you know what? You got a really good point there, Rick. Like, if the truth was that we could hide, it's not like he'd be sharing that information with us, you know? I-I-I think it's a good idea, Rick.
Rick: Worst-case scenario we're back to running.
(A time lapse transition card shows up, reading "Six dream hours later". Rick and Morty are seen hiding and Scary Terry goes past them, still looking for them and not knowing where they are)
Morty: Wow, you know what? I mean, it looks like we could have just hid this whole time. Boy, Rick, that was some good thinking.
Rick: Thanks, Morty. Yeah, it's nice to be on the same page every once in a while.
Scary Terry: You can run But you can't hide! (Yawn)
Rick: Oh, this is perfect, Morty. Look at that. He's getting sleepy. Just a little bit longer before he calls it a day. That's when we make our move.
(Scene cuts back to the dogs. They are working in a factory and Jerry, Summer, and Beth are seen, trapped in a cage.)
Jerry: Snuffles, we didn't mean you any harm! This is a huge misunderstanding.
Summer: Dad, he wants to be called snowball.
Jerry: Well, I'm not calling him that. That's ridiculous.
Snuffles: You're being very aggressive, Jerry. Perhaps tomorrow Dr. Scraps will solve that problem with a bit of surgery.
(Another dog comes out with a pair of mayo scissors)
Jerry: Huh! You think you can control me with a haircut?
(Scene cuts back to the dream realm. cary Terry is going back home to his family.)
Scary Melissa: Hi, honey. You're home early. How was your day?
Scary Terry: I don't want to talk about it!
Scary Melissa (Angry): Oh, of course! You never want to talk about it!
Scary Terry (Angry): Get off my back, bitch!
(Scary Brandon, the baby, starts crying)
Scary Melissa (Angry): Out there. Not in here!
Scary Terry: Yeah, I know, I know. I shouldn't take my anger out on you or Scary Brandon. I love you, Melissa.
Scary Melissa: I love you, too, Terry.
(Rick and Morty are watching from outside the window)
Rick: Morty, this is perfect. After a little scary coitus, they should be fast asleep and then we'll incept him.
(Rick and Morty go into the Terry's room, when Terry and Melissa are fast asleep)
Rick: Looks like scary Terry's having a nightmare.
Morty: Oh, boy, Rick. I can only imagine what horrible things must, you know scare Scary Terry.
(Rick and Morty incept his dream and he's having a school related dream)
Scary Terry: Oh, no! I'm late to class, bitch! Oh, no! I'm not wearing any pants!
'(Scary Terry goes to class)
Monster Teacher: Ah, well, Mr. Terry, why don't you tell the whole class the proper wordplay to use when one is chasing one's victim through a pumpkin patch?
Scary Terry: Oh, uh, um ... "Bitch."
(The class laughs at him)
Monster Teacher: Oh, come on, Terry, you can't think of a pun involving pumpkins, bitch? Morty: Hey, leave him alone!
Rick: Yeah, this is a bunch of bullcrap. Who cares what stupid pun you make when you kill someone? Why don't you let the poor guy say whatever he wants?
Monster Teacher: Well, I never! I-I see no reason to stand here and take this.
Rick: You're putting too much pressure on yourself, scary Terry. You know, I mean, y-you're perfectly scary enough as it is.
Morty: Hey, yo, scary T., don't even trip about your pants dawg. Here's a pair on us, fool.
Scary Terry: Aww, bitch. I don't know what to say.
Morty: You don't need to say anything. We got you, dawg.
Rick: You're our boy, dawg. Don't even trip.
(Scary Terry wakes up from his dream and sees Rick and Morty)
Scary Terry: Oh, hey, it's you guys!
(That morning, Rick, Morty, and the Terry family are having breakfast in the kitchen)
Scary Melissa: I haven't seen him this relaxed in years.
Scary Terry: If you guys ever need anything, just say the word.
Rick: As a matter of fact, Terry, there is something you could help us with.
(Rick, Morty, and Terry escape the dream and confront the little girl)
Little Girl:' "Q," "r," you won't get very far.
Scary Terry: I always hated that song!
(Scary Terry kills the little girl and then goes on to the centaur)
Scary Terry: These halves don't belong together, bitch!
(Scary Tells kills the centaur and moves onto Mrs. Pancakes)
Scary Terry: Sex is sacred!
(Scary Terry kills Mrs. Pancakes and launches himself at Mr. Goldensfold)
Scary Terry: This is because you don't give Morty Smith good grades, bitch!
(Scary Terry destroys Mr. Goldenfold, causing him to wake up from his dream, in shock)
Mr. Goldenfold: Holy crap! God damn! I know one thing for sure I'm giving Morty an "A" in math, and that's my idea. That is an original thought.
(Rick and Morty fist bump behind the couch)
Morty: What the hell?
Rick: Out of the frying pan dot, dot, dot, huh, Morty?
Morty: Oh, man, what's going on?
Rick: Well, it's possible that your dog became self-aware and made modifications on the cognition amplifier, then turned on Jerry, Beth, and Summer after learning about humanity's cruel subjugation of his species, but your guess is as good as mine, Morty.
Jerry: I can't believe how mean snuffles got just because he's smart.
Summer: This is why I choose to get C's.
Rick: Psst, Beth, Jerry, Summer.
Morty:- Dad! - Rick! - Oh, thank God, Morty.
- Oh, you're welcome.
All right, let's get out of here.
Rick: If we hurry we can set up camp in a sewer tunnel or something before the dogs completely take over.
Jerry: Whoa, whoa, whoa. We're not going anywhere. This is my house. I'm not abandoning it.
Rick: It's all over, Jerry.
The dogs are on a path to total world domination.
But, hey, at least they know not to piss on your carpet, right?
Jerry: Wait a minute. I have an idea. Gentlemen, a moment of your time. (Jerry pees on a pile of guns) See that? I'm peeing all over your special guns. That means I own them.
Snuffles: Bad person. Bad.
Rick: Ooh, great plan, Jerry.
Snuffles: Bring the boy to me. You were always kind to me, Morty. That's why I will leave you with your testicles. From now on, you will be my best friend and live by my side.
Morty: Th-thanks, snuffles.
Snuffles: Begin phase two.
(The military can be seen on TV fighting the dogs)
Reporter: Fighting continues as the dog army captures the eastern seaboard. It appears clear at this time that the era of human superiority has come to a bitter end. (Two dogs come into the news room with a muzzle)
Please! Please don't kill me!
Dog 1: What's she saying, Bill?
Bill: I think she's saying, "I love lasagna.
(Morty is in a bed with two naked girls, and a dog brings him refreshments)
Morty: Mmm. Thank you, Fido. Rick! I thought you were dead!
Rick: No, no, no, I was just playing dead. Good news, though, Morty. This whole thing's gonna be over really soon.
Morty: What?
Rick: It's a dream, Morty. We're in your dog's dream. The night the dogs captured us, after you cried and crapped your pants, we all went to sleep. Then I used my dream inceptors to put the two of us inside snuffles' dream.
Morty: But I-it's been like a whole year!
Rick: It's been six hours. Dreams move one one-hundredth the speed of reality, and dog time is one-seventh human time. So, you know, every day here is like a minute. It's like "Inception," Morty, so if it's confusing and stupid, then so is everyone's favorite movie.
Morty: Aw, man. I really liked this life. Well, at least I didn't really crap my pants.
Rick: No, no, that happened before you went to sleep, Morty. You're sleeping in your crap right now. Out of all the things that happened to you, that was the only real thing that, you know, is that you crapped your pants. I mean, it's a mess out there. I got some on my hands, Morty, and then I got it on the dream inceptor, and a piece fell in my mouth.
Morty: Aw, man, geez! Seriously?
Rick: Look, d-d-d-don't worry about it, Morty. Here, here take these, Morty. Take these.
Morty: Are these pills supposed to wake me up, or something?
Rick: Close. It's gonna make your kidneys shut down.
Morty: What?!
Rick: It's necessary for the plan, Morty. Don't even trip, dawg.
(Snuffles and a few other dogs, Rick also dressed up as one, stand around Morty, who looks close to death on his medical table)
Dr. Dog: It's pretty bad, emperor snowball. We're gonna need to do another operation.
Snuffles: Anything. Anything for my precious Morty.
Accountant Dog: Sir, as your accountant, I must advise you that these medical expenses are putting you in serious financial jeopardy. You could lose your kingdom.
Snuffles: To hell with my kingdom, bean counter. I would trade it all for my human's health and happiness.
Accountant Dog: Do you think they would have done this for us?
Snuffles: We are not them! We are not them.
(Snuffles wakes up from the dream)
Assemble the troops. I've made a decision.
(Outside where the dogs are seen portaling to another world)
Snuffles: Taking over the human's world will lead to nothing but more heartbreak, more cruelty. Instead, we will go to a new world and colonize it with a society of intelligent dogs, one that will not make the same mistakes as humanity and one where pet insurance will be mandatory.
Morty: I'm gonna miss you, snowball.
Snuffles: You can call me snuffles, Morty, and I'm going to miss you, too, very much.
(Snuffles portals away, Jerry starts tearing up)
Beth: Jerry?
Jerry: I'm sorry. It's just like the end of "Old Yeller.
Beth: Oh, Jerry. You mean because it had dogs in it.
Morty: Wow! A whole world populated by intelligent dogs. I wonder what it'll be like, Rick.
Rick: I think it will be great, Morty. You know it could be developed in-into a very satisfying project for people of all ages. I mean, I'd watch it, Morty, for at least 11 minutes a pop. You know, may-maybe they'll do it board-driven.
Morty: You know, that's a real comforting idea, Rick.
Rick: What do you know, Morty? What do you know?
(After credits: Rick and Scary Terry are in Terry's dream in a classroom)
Scary Glenn: Hi, guys. I'm your new teacher for scary class. My name is scary Mr. Johnson. Uh, actually, you know what? That's my dad's name, so why don't you just call me scary Glenn, yeah? So, anyway, I understand your previous teacher was having you work on fundamentals of fear. Which is what is that? You know? So, uh, here here's what I say you can't learn anything until you learn how to chill.
Rick: Oooh! This is how you dream, bitch. (Terry and Rick are getting stoned)
[Configure Reference Popups][Open Int. Rick's garage.]
(Rick is dissecting a rat.)
Rick: T-t-t-this is just sloppy craftsmanship.
Morty: Hey, Rick. Boy, sure is really especially beautiful out there today, huh?
Rick: Oh, yes, Morty. It's almost unbelievable, isn't it?
Morty: Yeah, you know? There's something about the air. And just the way the sunshine is.
Rick: Oh, sure, buddy. Yeah. Sure. B-brilliant. Very convincing.
Morty: Wh… convincing?
Rick: Oh! Responsive, too! In real time! I love it!
Morty: Uhhokay.
Beth: *robotic* I’m going to work. Morty, good morning. Dad, good morning. I am going to work. Goodbye. (Beth drives away.)
Morty: What's with Mom?
Rick: Oh, what's with Mom? So, you're saying that she's acting weird? How soph—*burp*—isticated. Careful, guys. You're gonna burn out the CPU with this one.
Morty: Okay, you know what, Rick? You're acting weird, too.
Rick: Whatever, quote-unquote “Morty.”
Morty: Alright, well I'll see you after school. (Walks into the side of the garage.) Ow! Oof! Ugh! Damn it! I'm all right. I'm okay.
[Trans. Morty’s math class]
Mr. Goldenfold: Alright, who can tell me what 5 x 9 is? (Students whisper.) Morty?
Morty: Uh, me?
Mr. Goldenfold: What is 5 x 9?
Morty: Um, you know, it's, uh, at least 40.
(Students gasp.)
Mr. Goldenfold: Morty, that's exactly correct! 5 x 9 is at least 40! Come up here.
(Students cheer.)
Jessica: Whoo! Way to go, Morty!
Mr. Goldenfold: Everybody, this is the best student. I want you to be the teacher today. *sits down at a desk* Teach us, Morty!
Rick: *spying from outside* Interesting…
Morty: W-w-w-what do you want me to teach you?
Mr. Goldenfold: Oh, that's a good question.
Morty: Concentrated huh?
Mr. Goldenfold: Concentrated dark matter. The fuel for accelerated space travel. Now, do you know how to make it?
Morty: Uhhh…
Jessica: Come on, Morty. Isn't your grandpa, like, a scientist?
Morty: Oh, yeah, but, you know, he told me that I shouldn't go around spouting off about, you know, his science and stuff.
Jessica: I bet you've seen him make concentrated dark matter a lot. You know, if you tell us, I’ll be your girlfriend.
Morty: Uh, y-you will?
Mr. Goldenfold: Seems like a rare opportunity, Morty.
Rick: *kicks open the door* Morty, u-uh, come on. There's a family emergency.
(Rick grabs Morty by one arm. Mr. Goldenfold grabs the other.)
Mr. Goldenfold: Stop right there! If he leaves, I'm giving him an F!
Rick: He doesn't care.
Morty: Aw, man! (Rick drags him to the locker room.) Rick, I have to go back! I think I was about to get married! *falls down* Ugh!
Rick: Take a shower with me, Morty.
Morty: What?!
Rick: Listen to me, Morty. Get your clothes off and get in the shower right now. *strips* Y-y-y-you got to trust me, Morty.
Morty: Ugh! I'm gonna get an F in class, Rick. *strips*
Rick: Morty, that's not class. T-t-t-that wasn't your teacher. This isn't your school. This entire world is not the world. We're inside a huge simulation chamber on an alien spaceship.
Morty: Wait a minute. W-what are you talking about?
Rick: It’s all fake *burps* Morty, all of it. Nanobotic renderings, a bunch of… crazy, fake nonsense, Morty. I couldn't say so until we got in the shower. They won't monitor us in here.
Morty: Monitor us?! *looks around and tries to cover himself* W-who?!
Rick: Zigerion scammers, Morty. The galaxy's most ambitious, least successful con artists. You know, it's lucky for us they're also really uncomfortable with nudity.
Morty: Aw, come on, Rick. If everyone’s just gonna be insane today, at least let me be insane with Jessica.
Rick: I can’t let you do that, Morty.
(Rick grabs Morty’s clothes and they begin fighting over them.)
Morty: Give it to me!
Rick: No! You give it to me!
Morty: G-g-give it!
Rick: Morty, come on! Morty!
Morty: No, Rick!
[View of simulated world expands out to reveal they’re in an enormous spacecraft.]
[Trans. Zigerion control room]
(Zigerions groan and look away from the monitors with disgust.)
Zigerion 1: Oh, god, sir! They're still naked! Ugh.
Prince Nebulon: Well, check every five quintons and tell me when they're not!
Zigerion 1: I think we should make Kevin look, sir.
Kevin: What?! No! W-w-why would you even say that?
Stu: Uh, sir, we have a situation over here.
Prince Nebulon: If there's a wiener on that monitor, I swear to god, Stu.
Stu: Something is drawing a lot of processing power. Oh, wait. No wonder. (Jerry appears on a large screen.) There's another real human in the simulator.
Jerry: Okay, Jerry, big pitch meeting. Make-or-break time. *trims nostril hairs while driving* You can do this.
Prince Nebulon: How did this happen?! Where's the Abductions Department?
Zigerion 2: Hey, man, Abductions just follows the acquisition order.
Zigerion 3: Don't put this on Acquisitions! We only acquire humans that haven't been simulated!
Kevin: Well, Simulations doesn't simulate anybody that's been abducted, so—
Prince Nebulon: Oh, I see! Oh, oh! It was no one's fault. Oh, okay. I'm sorry. Well, then, problem solved. Oh, wait no. *shouts* There's still another human in here! Who is he?
Stu: Rick's son-in-law, Jerry Smith. So far, he hasn't noticed he's in a simulation.
Prince Nebulon: *sighs* Well, cap his sector at 5% processing, keep his settings on auto, and we'll deal with him later. Rick Sanchez is the target.
[Trans. Jerry’s car]
Jerry: *inhales deeply* Gotta relax. It's just a pitch. Gotta relax.
(He turns on the radio.)
Radio: This is earth radio. And now, here's…human music.
(Repetitive rhythmic beeping.)
Jerry: Hmm. Human music. I like it. *rocks head side to side in rhythm with the music*
[Pan out to see Jerry’s sector of the simulation, followed by a transition to Rick and Morty’s.]
(Rick and Morty pant as they run naked down the street. Rick shoves their clothes into a sewer.)
Morty: Rick!
Rick: Uhp, uhp, uhp! Morty, keep your hands off your ding-dong! It's the only way we can speak freely. Look around you, Morty. Do you really think this world is real? You'd have to be an idiot not to notice all the sloppy details. Look, that guy's putting a bun between two hot dogs.
Morty: I don't know, Rick. I mean, I’ve seen people do that before.
Rick: Well, look at that old lady. She's, she's walking a cat on a leash.
Morty: Uh, Mrs. Spencer does that all the time, Rick.
Rick: Look, I-I-I don't wanna hear about Mrs. Spencer, Morty! She's an idiot! Alright, alright, there. W-what about that, Morty?
(A Poptart walks out of a toaster house and into a toaster car before driving away.)
Morty: Okay, okay, you got me on that one.
Rick: Oh, really, Morty? Are you sure you haven't seen that somewhere in real life before?
Morty: No, no. I haven't seen that. I mean, why would a Poptart wanna live inside a toaster, Rick? I mean, that would be, like, the scariest place for them to live. You know what I mean?
Rick: You're missing the point, Morty. Why would he drive a smaller toaster with wheels? I mean, does your car look like a smaller version of your house? No.
Morty: So, why are they doing this? W-what do they want?
Rick: Well, that would be obvious to you, Morty, if you'd been paying attention.
(Siren wails. Ambulance drives up to them and the doors open.)
Paramedic: We got the president of the United States in here! We need 10cc of concentrated dark matter, stat, or he'll die!
(Rick slams the ambulance doors shut and starts walking off.)
Morty: Concentrated dark matter! They were asking about that in class.
Rick: Yeah, it's a special fuel I invented to travel through space faster than anybody else. These Zigerions are always trying to scam me out of my secrets, but they made a big mistake this time, Morty. They dragged you into this. Now they're gonna pay!
Morty: Wait, wha, w-w-what are we gonna do?
Rick: We'll scam the scammers, Morty. And we're gonna take them for everything they've got.
[Trans. Ext. Ad agency]
(Trees flicker with a static noise)
Jerry: National Apple Farmers of America…
[Trans. Int. Ad agency]
Jerry: Welcome to our ad agency. I'm Jerry Smith. (Audience stares blankly.) Alright. I'll just get to the pitch. Um, simple question, gentlemen, *hoarsely* what are apples? *clears throat* Excuse me. *drinks some water* Ahh. *coughs, clears throat* What are apples? *pulls poster board to the front of the room* Apples are food. And when do we need food? When we're hungry. (Audience stares blankly.) With that, I give you your new slogan! (Flips paper to reveal sign saying “Hungry for Apples?” Audience continues staring.) Well, say something! Do you like it?
Mr. Marklevitz: Yes.
Jerry: You do?
All: Yes.
Jerry: So I sold it? I sold the idea?
All: Yes.
Jerry: Oh my god! Thank you!
All: *shaking each others’ hands* Thank you. You're welcome.
[Trans. Ext. Ad agency]
(“Baker Street” plays as Jerry slides down a handrail.)
Jerry: Hey! I just sold my first pitch!
Old man: Slow down!
Woman: Lookin' good.
Mailman: My man!
(Jerry dials on his cellphone. As he walks, he passes the same three people repeatedly.)
Simulation Beth: (at Simulation Smith house) *answers phone* Hello.
Jerry: Guess who just sold the apples campaign.
Simulation Beth: Who just sold the apples campaign?
Jerry: Me! I guess it wasn't a rip-off of "got milk?" after all. Guess someone was wrong.
Simulation Beth: Yes.
Jerry: Well, all is forgiven, because right now, I’ve got an erection the size of an East Coast lighthouse, and I’m coming home to share it with my beautiful wife.
Simulation Beth: Okay.
Jerry: Wait, really?
Simulation Beth: Yes.
Jerry: Yes! See you in 10 minutes! *hangs up, shouts* Hey! I'm going to make love to my wife!
Woman: Lookin' good.
Old man: Slow down!
Mailman: My man! *glitches into a tree*
[Trans. Backstage]
(Rick is decked out in chains and adjusts his clothes to look more disheveled.)
Morty: Aw, geez, Rick. I-I don't know if I like this plan,you know? I mean, crowds, t-t-t-they have a tendency to make me really nervous.
Rick: Morty, relax. It's just a bunch of 1s and 0s out there. You're gonna be fine. (Lowers Morty’s pants slightly and puts a hat on him.) Just follow my lead. (Rick and Morty fist bump.) Yo, deejay, drop that beat.
[Trans. Stage in park]
(Hip-hop beat plays. Crowd cheers.)
Rick: Uh-oh, Morty. This crowd looks too small for one of our famous rap concerts. I don't think we can perform our new song, "The Recipe for Concentrated Dark Matter," for a crowd this tiny.
Morty: You got that right, Rick.
(Hordes of people appear from all directions and congregate in the park.)
Rick: Now that’s more like it! Morty, here we go. Let me hear everybody say "hey-oh!" yeah! (Crowd cheers.) All the ladies say, "yeah!" (Ladies cheer.) Everybody over thirty, do this with your hands! Everybody with a red shirt, jump up and down! (People start glitching.)
[Trans. Smith house]
Jerry: *kisses Beth, who is still in front of the phone* Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah, don't move. Mm, mm, mm, mm! Mm!
[Trans. Park]
Rick: Yo, everyone whose first name begins with an "L" who isn't Hispanic, walk in a circle the same number of times as the square root of your age times ten! (Simulation freezes. Rick and Morty jump offstage.) Run, Morty! Before the system reboots!
[Trans. Ext. Smith house.]
Jerry: Yeah! You like that? Now who's unremarkable? You hungry for apples? Are you hungry for apples?!
[Trans. Beth and Jerry’s bedroom.]
(Jerry lies in bed beside Beth, who is frozen in place.)
Jerry: Oh, my god. That's the best sex I've ever had in my life. It's… it's too good. I don't deserve this, Beth. I'm a fraud.
[Trans. Rick and Morty running through frozen simulation.]
Morty: Oh, man, Rick! W-w-w-where we running to?
Rick: Out of the simulation, Morty. Normally, the chamber operates like a treadmill, with the virtual world disappearing behind us and being rendered in front of us as we move through it, but while it's frozen, Morty, we can get to…the edge. Here we go. *jumps off the edge*
Morty: Holy crap!
Rick: Come on, Morty.
Morty: *jumps off edge*
[Trans. Control room]
Zigerion: Sir, they're over the edge.
Prince Nebulon: Yes, they are. Just as planned. *evil laughter, others join in* Oh, this is going to be such a mindfuck!
[Trans. Corridor in spacecraft]
Rick: Keep your eyes peeled for the central processing room, Morty. That's how we're gonna scam these idiots.
Morty: So, hey, why do these aliens keep coming after you, Rick, if you're so much smarter than them?
Rick: It's an obsession for them at this point. The Zigerions have been trying to outsmart me for years, Morty. Every time they do, I'm one step ahead of them. *finds central processing room* Aha! Here we go. *starts collecting chips* Grab as many processors as you can carry, Morty. These guys aren't good at much, but they're really good at making these chips.
Morty: I’ve got so many, I can barely hold them all! *holding chips in his shirt* Look at, look at this. Oops. I dropped one.
Rick: Don't worry about it, Morty. There's plenty of them, you little goofball. (Both laugh and toss chips at each other playfully.) Come here, Morty! Oh, I gotcha!
Morty: Come on, quit it, Rick! Quit it!
Rick: Nothing wrong with just a little bit of horseplay every now and then, little fella.
(They sneak towards the escape pods. Rick throws a chip and distracts the guards while they steal a pod and fly away.)
Morty: Wow. What do you know? Huh. That was easy.
Rick: Totes malotes, dawg.
Morty: Just kind of hard to believe, you know?
Rick: Believe it, Morty. And once again, I'm flying away with everything I can carry, and the Zigerions got nothing of mine.
[Trans. Jerry’s boss’s office]
Jerry: Mr. Marklevitz, do you have a minute to talk?
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Jerry: Look, I’m a fraud. I mean, let's face it. "Hungry for apples" is just a rip-off of "Got milk?" It's almost identical.
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Jerry: Okay. I deserve that. Um, I guess I'll just pack up my desk.
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Jerry: *crying* Oh my god. Wait. You know what?! No! The milk people don't have a patent on simple rhetorical questions! Y-You— There's not even a single word in "Hungry for Apples" that's shared by "Got milk?" It's a completely different slogan. It's different! And I shouldn't be fired. I should be promoted!
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Jerry: Yeah! Wait. Really?
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Jerry: Yes! I mean, it may be derivative, but it's the most successful campaign to come out of this agency in a long time.
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Jerry: I-I’m not saying it should win an award for commercials, but it could certainly be nominated for an award for commercials specifically about apples, like an Appley or something.
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Jerry: Is there really an award called the Appley for apple-related ad campaigns?
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Jerry: Could we nominate me?
Mr. Marklevitz: *snaps fingers* Yes.
Jerry: Holy crap!
(Jerry runs out. Mr. Marklevitz glitches.)
[Trans. Ext. Smith house]
(Rick and Morty get out of the escape pod and head into the garage with the chips.)
Rick: Get in, Morty. I'm gonna be able to use these processors to make some real important science stuff. (Keypad beeps.) Huh. I thought I entered the code right. (Keypad beeps.)
(Second level simulation vanishes.)
Prince Nebulon: Well, what's this? W-what could this possibly be? Because it looks like you're inside a simulation…inside a simulation. You're still on the ship. Game-day bucket go boom!
Cynthia: Sir, the, uh, doctor's appointment to examine the discoloration on your butthole flaps was—
Prince Nebulon: Too loud, Cynthia. Too loud and too specific.
Rick: Uhh…
Prince Nebulon: We've known how to make concentrated dark matter for a long time. But now we also know the code to your fabled safe, Rick Sanchez! All your most valuable secrets will now be ours!
Rick: Uh, yeah, until I get home before you and change the combination, you bunch of idiots!
Prince Nebulon: That is why you're never getting home. Get them!
(Guards try to grab Rick and Morty. Rick pulls down Morty’s pants and all the Zigerions back away in disgust.)
Rick: RUN MORTY!
(Morty pulls up his pants. They run through the spacecraft and are chased by Zigerions.)
Morty: Oh my god!
[Trans. Appley Awards]
Jerry: I got to tell you, this morning, I didn't even know this award existed. Now I'm holding one. And, um… Look, I want to say that today was the best day of my life But the truth is, it's, it's more meaningful than that.
Mailman: My man!
Jerry: Yes. Thank you, sir. I am finally complete!
(Everyone glitches into the mailman.)
Mailmen: My my my my man!
(Simulation continues glitching badly.)
Jerry: Aah! What the hell?! (Appley award glitches out of existence.) No.
(Rick and Morty run into the room.)
Rick: Jerry?!
Morty: Dad!
Rick: What are you doing here? W-why are you dressed like a waiter? Screw it. We don't have time. Come on. *starts dragging Jerry with them*
Jerry: *sobbing* No!
(Chase continues. The three make it onto a spaceship.)
Rick: Man up, Jerry! I may need you to work the lasers.
Morty: Oh, man! They're hot on our tail, Rick!
Rick: I guess they really do have concentrated dark matter.
Morty: Well, you know how to make it, too, right, Rick?
Rick: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Uh, check the engine room. We just need cesium, Plutonic quarks, and bottled water.
Morty: Whoa! It's all here, Rick!
Rick: Wow, Morty. Lucky break. Grab that bucket. Okay, two parts Plutonic quarks, one part cesium.
Morty: Okay. Uh-huh. Alright.
Rick: Now empty the water bottle into the bucket and pour it all into the fuel tank so we can get the hell out of here! What are you doing, Morty?! There's no time!
Morty: *freezes up*
Rick: Oh, no.
(Simulation breaks down...again.)
Jerry: What the…?
Rick: No!
Prince Nebulon: *laughing* Oh my god, Rick. How dumb are you? You're inside a simulation of a simulation…inside another giant simulation! *laughs harder* W-we never had the recipe for concentrated dark matter. But we do now! We do now, sucka!
Rick: You simulated my grandson's genitalia?! Y-y-you bunch of diabolical sons of bitches!
Zigerion 1: Kevin fought real hard to supervise that project.
Kevin: You said you weren't gonna tell anyone! I'm never gonna live this down, am I?
Rick: All right. Okay. All right, great. Wonderful. You win. Can we go home now?
Zigerion 1: I don't know. Can you?
Prince Nebulon: Ha! *fist bumps* Nice. Okay, okay. Show this gullible turd to his shuttle. I'm done with him. Oh, wait. Let me get a picture. *snaps a selfie of himself with Rick* Aww. Look at his face. He's trying to figure out if He's in a simulation still. Are you, Rick? Are you? *laughs, walks away* You're not. *walks back* Or are you? (Rick and Jerry leave.) *shouts after them* Oh, a-and, by the way, I don't have discolored butthole flaps. That was part of the simulation.
Cynthia: Oh. Uh, sir, should I cancel that appointment, then?
Prince Nebulon: *loudly* Yeah! Of course you should! *to Cynthia* No, keep it. Move it up, actually, if you can.
[Trans. Shuttle to Earth]
Rick: Hey, Jerry, don't worry about it. So what if the most meaningful day of your life was a simulation operating at minimum capacity?
Jerry: You know what, Rick? Those guys took you for a ride, too. You should try having a little respect for the dummies of the universe, now that you're one of us.
Rick: Maybe you're right, Jerry. Maybe you're right.
[Trans. Zigerion space craft, control room]
(The Zigerions are celebrating their victory with a party.)
Prince Nebulon: All right, everybody. Two parts Plutonic quarks… One part cesium…. A-and listen, I’m sorry for shouting earlier. I-I couldn't ask for a better staff. I love you guys, and I love all your families. *readies water bottle* And the final ingredient…
(Zigerion spacecraft explodes.)
[Trans. Shuttle to Earth]
(Jerry looks behind them, shocked.)
Jerry: Whoa! What the hell?! W-what happened back there?
Rick: Why don't you ask the smartest people in the universe, Jerry? Oh, yeah. You can't. They blew up.
(“Baker Street” plays. Rick vocalizes the saxophone part.)
[Trans. Int. Ad agency]
(Jerry pitches “Hungry for Apples” in reality.)
Jerry: So… What do you think?
Mr. Marklevitz: You're fired.
Jerry: Wha--? But t-this idea was tested in a state-of-the-art simulation.
Mr. Marklevitz: Well, then, it was a terrible simulation. Get out.
(Jerry hangs his head and leaves.)
Mr. Marklevitz: Man, how does a guy like that go home and have sex with his wife?
[Trans. Morty’s bedroom]
Rick: Hey, Morty.
Morty: What?
Rick: Hey, little buddy. H-h-how you doing in here right now?
Morty: Aw, geez, Rick. What are you doing, man?
Rick: Y-y-you're a good kid, Morty. Y-you're a real l-little c-character, Morty.
Morty: Oh, boy.
Rick: You know, I had a really rocky road today, M-Morty. You're my little friend, aren't you? We had some good times together, huh, M-Morty? We You're a real true hero out in the field. You're a... You're a real trouper, huh, M-M-Morty?
Morty: Have you been drinking, Rick?
Rick: I really appreciate you, Morty.
Morty: O-okay, cool. A-alright, Rick
Rick: *suddenly aggressive, holds a knife to Morty’s throat* You little son of a bitch! Y-y- are you a simulation?! Huh?! Are you a simulation?!
Morty: No! No! No!
Rick: You little son of a bitch!
Morty: *terrified, gasps*
(Rick lowers the knife)
Rick: I-I-I’m sorry, Morty. Y-you're a good… You're a good kid, Morty.
Morty: Geez!
Rick: Y-you're a good… You're a good kid. *passes out*
Morty: Oh my god!
Rick: *snores*
Morty: W-w-what the hell? What a life.
[Configure Reference Popups][Open Ext. Damaged space station, likely in another dimension]
(The sky is purple and tumultuous as the sounds of Rick and Morty running and panting are heard.)
[Trans. Int. Space station]
(Rick and Morty run through the abandoned station, pursued by evil clones of Jerry, Beth, and Summer.)
Rick: Run!
Jerry, Beth, and Summer: *incoherent zombie noises*
(The three clones tackle Rick, knocking a device from his hand. Morty stands by, unsure of what to do.)
Rick: Morty, do it! Hit the button now!
Morty: I can’t do it, Rick! They’re my parents and sister!
Rick: *holding off the clones* Morty, I already told you, it’s not your family! They’re clones from an alternate reality possessed by demonic alien spirits from another dimension’s future! Do you need a mnemonic device or something? Just hit the button already!
(Beth’s clone leaves Rick and approaches Morty, panting viciously until she gets close, and she seemingly becomes her normal self again.)
Beth: Morty, please. I love you, sweetheart.
Morty: Ohhhh…
(Morty hesitates a second longer before darting past Beth. He glances up at the clones, then covers his eyes as he hits a button on the wall, creating an energy field that destroys the clones, whose faces seem to melt. Morty watches, horrified. As soon as they’re gone, Rick jumps to his feet and grabs the device that absorbed the spirits, apparently unbothered by the entire event.)
Rick: Good work, Morty.
(He creates a portal and jumps through.)
[Trans. Garage]
(Rick and Morty leap through the other end of the portal back to the Smith residence.)
Rick: *holding up the device and smiling* Y-You know, these demonic alien spirits are really valuable!
(Screen pans out to show that Morty is vomiting in the corner. Rick glances at him and puts the box away.)
Rick: You okay, Morty? Told you not to trust that tuna.
Morty: I just killed my family! I don’t care what they were!
Rick: I dunno, Morty. Some people would pay top dollar for that kinda breakthrough.
Morty: Y-You know what, Rick? That’s it! I-I’m done with these…insane adventures! That was really traumatizing! I quit! I’m out!
(Morty turns and starts to walk out of the garage.)
Rick: Whoa whoa whoa, *grabs Morty’s shoulder, stopping him* come on, Morty! D-D-Don’t be like that! The universe is a crazy and chaotic place!
Morty: *pushes Rick’s hands away* You’re the one that’s crazy and chaotic! Adventures are supposed to be simple! And fun!
Rick: Oh yeah, Morty. Yeah, t-t-that- that’s real easy to say from the sidekick position. But—But, uh, h-how about next time you be in charge, then we’ll talk about how simple and fun it is.
Morty: *suddenly excited* Seriously Rick?! Y-You’ll let me call the shots?
Rick: Okay, fine. But let’s make it interesting, Morty. I-I-If your adventure sucks, and we bail halfway through it, you lose the right to bitch about all future adventures. Plus, you have to do my laundry for a month.
Morty: Okay, all right, tough guy! But if my adventure's good... I get to be in charge of every third adventure!
Rick: Every 10th.
Morty: Deal. All right. Well, come on, let's get going.
Beth: Dad, the dishwasher's doing that thing again.
Rick: Washing dishes?
Beth: No. The opposite. Can you fix it?
Summer: Grandpa Rick, can you help me with my science homework?
Rick: Yeah just don't do it.
Summer: Grandpa!
Jerry: Hey, Rick, you got some kind of hand-shaped device that can open this mayonnaise jar?
Rick: Wow. Hat trick. All right, Morty, let's put a pin in this. I got to help your pathetic family.
Morty: Oh, that sounds like something a chicken would say. Bawk, bawk, bawk, bawk, bawk, bawk.
Rick: Oh, Morty, you done did it this time. It's on. I can't wait to watch your adventure lay a huge fart. As for you dingdongs... This is a Meeseeks box. Let me show you how it works. You press this.
(meeseeks spawns)
Meeseeks: I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me!
Rick: You make a request. Mr. Meeseeks, open Jerry's stupid mayonnaise jar.
Meeseeks: Yes, siree!
(Meeseeks grabs mayonnaise jar as rick explains.)
Rick: The Meeseeks fulfills the request.
(Meeseeks opens jar and hands to jerry.)
Meeseeks: All done!
Jerry: [amazed] Wow!
Rick: And then it stops existing.
(Meeseek vanishes into particles in air.)
Summer: Oh, my God, he exploded!
Rick: Trust me, they're fine with it. Knock yourselves out just keep your requests simple. They're not gods.
Morty: All right! Get out of here now! Everybody out of here! I got a bet to win!
(Beth, Jerry and Summer in the livingroom)
Beth: So many possibilities.
Summer: My mind is racing.
Jerry: If we're gonna use this thing, which I'm not even sure we should, we need to keep it simple.
(Summer spawns a meeseek)
Meeseeks: I'm Mr. Meeseeks!
Summer: I want to be popular at school!
Meeseeks: Ooh, okay!
Jerry: Summer, what did I just-
(Beth spawns a meeseek)
Meeseeks 2: Ooh, I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me!
Beth: I want I want to be a more complete woman!
Jerry: Beth!
Meeseeks 2: Oh, yeah! Yes, ma'am!
Jerry: You guys are doing it wrong. He said "simple."
(Jerry spawns a meeseeks)
Meeseeks 3: Hey, there. I'm Mr. Meeseeks!
Jerry: Mr. Meeseeks, I would like to take two strokes off my golf game.
Meeseeks 3: Ooh, yeah! Can do!
Jerry: Nailed it.
(Cut to Rick and Morty in a poor village somewhere in the universe. It looks like a place from the 1700's)
Rick: God, Morty, what a boring start to an adventure. Why didn't we just go to Kentucky?
Morty: Rick, this is a fantasy-type world with creatures and all sorts of fantasy things. We're going on a quest, okay?
Rick: Can't wait.
(Morty stands on something tall to speak to the people)
Morty: Ahem. Excuse me! We are two humble heroes in search of adventure!
Rick: Oh, my God, so embarrassing.
Villager (man): At last! Two heroes! You must help us! This village is terribly poor, yet the giant that lives in the clouds above has untold treasures!
Morty: You know what? I accept your call to adventure, good sir, kind sir. Come on, Rick. There's a giant in the clouds!
Rick: Yeah. Beginner's luck.
(Cut to Meeseeks 1 speaking to the students of Summer's school in the gym)
Meeseeks 1: In conclusion, a friendship with Summer Smith is the most valuable and enriching experience of your young lives. I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me! Thank you!
Principal Gene V.: Uh, Mr. Meeseeks, was it? Yeah. Gene Vagina. Listen, I'm in a bit of custody thing with my ex and was wondering- (Meeseeks 1 stops existing)- No, I'll get your info from Summer.
(Cut to Beth and Meeseeks 2 at a restaurant sitting outside)
Beth: I got pregnant at 17. I mean, I still put myself through veterinary school. Yes, I'm successful, but what if I hadn't...-(Meeseeks 2 stares attentively)- I'm just saying, somewhere along the way, I lost that wide-eyed girl from muskegon.
Meeseeks 2: She's still there, Beth.
Beth: Well, her waistline isn't.
Meeseeks 2: Beth, having a family doesn't mean that you stop being an individual. You know the best thing you can do for people that depend on you? Be honest with them, even if it means setting them free.
Beth: You're saying I should leave Jerry. (Beth starts to cry) I can't believe I'm finally having this conversation.
(Meeseeks 2 stops existing as Beth leans in to kiss him)
Waiter (man): More wine?
Beth: I think I've had enough.
(Cut to Jerry at a golf course with Meeseeks 3)
Meeseeks 3: Remember to square your shoulders, Jerry.
Jerry: Yeah, yeah. I got it.
(Jerry misses the ball completely)
Meeseeks 3: That's okay. I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me! Try again and keep your head down.
Jerry: Okay, well, which is it? Square my shoulders or keep my head down?
Meeseeks 3: Well, it's both. But most importantly, you got to relax.
Jerry: You know what, Mr. Meeseeks? I don't think this is working. I give up.
Meeseeks 3 (nervous): I'm sorry, Jerry, but it doesn't work like that. I'm Mr. Meeseeks. I have to fulfill my purpose so I can go away. Look at me.
Jerry: Well, make yourself comfortable, because I suck.
Meeseeks 3: No, Jerry, I'm the one who SUCKS! Let me try something.
(Meeseeks 3 spawns in another Meeseek)
Meeseeks 4: I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me!
Meeseeks 3: Hi, Mr. Meeseeks! I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me.
Meeseeks 4: Hi!
Meeseeks 3: Can you help me get two strokes off of Jerry's golf swing?
Meeseeks 4: Can do! I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Is he keeping his shoulders squared?
Meeseeks 3: Ooh, he's trying!
(Cut to Rick and Morty on a table in a giant building)
Rick: All right, Morty. We're in your stupid giant's castle. What do we do next?
Morty: Would you just relax, Rick? All we got to do is find the treasure room, okay? It's nice and simple. You know, I'm sorry everything's going so smoothly and adventurously.
(A giant can be heard walking down the hall)
Rick (sarcastic): Uh-oh, Morty. Startin' to get a little hairy. What do you want to do, boss?
Morty: Come on, hurry. Behind this cookie jar.
Giant: Fee! Fi! Fo! Fum!
Rick: Just give up, Morty. This is game over. I'll take us home right now. You just say the word.
Morty: No way, Rick. This is all part of it. Adventures have conflict. Deal with it.
Giant: I smell the blood of- whoop!(the giant falls and cracks his head open on the table corner before hitting the ground)
Morty: Holy crap.
Rick: Oh, boy. He looks pretty bad down there, Morty. Looks like he's bleeding out.
(A giant woman walks in holding a baby)
Giant woman: Oh, Jesus! Dale! You sons of bitches! Oh, man. Hello, 911? My husband has been attacked by tiny people! He's dying!
(Cut to Rick and Morty at a giant jail and getting mug shots)
Detective: Hey, look, we get it. You're little, you're down on your luck, you think, "hey, he's a giant. Why don't we break into his home, rob him, and murder him?"
Morty: Th-th but that's not how it went down!
Detective: Oh, well, it's going down like that. You're both going down like that.
Rick: Ooh, boy, Morty, you're really showing me how it's done. Real straightforward and fun.
(Cut to the Smith dinning room and living room where Jerry is still frustrated, while Summer and Beth look much happier)
Summer: Like, letting go of the need to be popular is what makes people like you.
Beth: The most important love you can receive is from yourself.
(Several meeseeks now fill the livingroom, trying to help)
Meeseek: Okay, Jerry, you got to just choke up on the club!
Jerry: Well, which is it, choke up or follow-through?!
Meeseek: Aww, come on, Jerry, we've been over this. You know you got to do both! This is as frustrating for us as it is for you.
Jerry: Don't tell me that! That just puts pressure on me!
Meeseek: Just try to relax.
Jerry: You try to relax! Have you ever tried to relax?! It is a paradox! (Jerry walks to the dinning room) Ugh, these Meeseeks, huh? Kind of a handful. I can't imagine what you two must be going through.
Beth: Our Meeseeks have been gone for hours, Jerry.
Jerry: You're kidding me.
Beth: Notice anything different?
Jerry: I'm sorry. Hours?
Summer: Dad, mom is a beautiful woman! Look at her! You will lose her!
Meeseek: Uhh... Hey, Jerry, you mind if we get back to the task at hand? Meeseeks don't usually have to exist this long. It's getting weird.
(Cut to Rick and Morty in a giant courthouse)
Judge: Order in the court! Before the jury reaches its verdict, I just want to say that I consider you both very guilty.
Rick (sarcastic): Oh, great adventure, buddy. Rick and Morty go to giant prison. You know, if somebody drops the soap, it's gonna land on our heads and crush our spines, Morty. You know, it'll be really easy to rape us after that.
Morty: We're gonna be okay, Rick.
Rick: How? They took my portal gun. This is an open-and-shut case, Morty. You know, what do you think's gonna happen, some magical angel's gonna show up and then-(the court doors burst open and a giant in a suit walks down the isle.)
Giant Lawyer: Fee! Fi! Fo! Fum! I smell the violation of civil liberties! Your honor, I'm from a tiny-persons advocacy group and I have here in my hand a motion to dismiss. These little men were never read their giant rights and are therefore free-fi to fo-home.
(Murmers of confusion spread throughout the court)
Rick: W-what the hell is he talking about?
Giant Lawyer: They're free to go, is what I meant. I'm deconstructing our our our thing we say. We're giants. Nobody got that? Whatever.
Morty: Oh, man, what did I tell you, Rick? We did it!
(Rick and Morty appear outside the courthouse)
Rick: All right, Morty, looks like the portal gun's still working. You ready to head home?
Morty: Oh, yeah, you'd like that, wouldn't you, Rick? Well, you know what? We're not bailing out just yet. You know, we're gonna go find some treasure or something and and we're gonna bring it to those villagers.
Rick: Morty, cut your losses. This is obviously awash.
Morty: Yeah, you were saying that back when we first got arrested, but here we are, you know, walking down the courthouse steps.
(They look down the stairs and see that each step is as tall as a large building. The stairs seem to go on forever)
Rick: Oh, boy, Morty.
Morty: Usually, walking down the courthouse steps is the easy part of the adventure.
Rick: What do you say, Morty?
Morty: I say give me a hand, sidekick.
(Cut to the Smith livingroom. Dozens of meeseeks fill the room whinning, groaning and desperatly trying to help Jerry.)
NOTE: to make this easier an * will be put next to meeseek everytime a different meeseeks talks.
Jerry: Everybody shut up! Let me try! (Jerry swings and misses again) Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!
Beth: I'm going out.
Jerry: Wait. What?
Beth: Well, you're busy. I'm hungry. I thought I'd go out. Do you want me to be happy or do you want me to be in prison?
Jerry: Whoa, whoa, where in the hell is, I'll take you to dinner.
All the Meeseeks: AWWWWWWW!
Jerry: Hey, you know what? It's hard being me, too. I'll be right there. Look, I've got a marriage to keep together. At this point, my golf swing is more your problem than mine.
(Exit Beth and Jerry)
Meeseek: I can't take it anymore. I just want to die!
Meeseek *: We all want to die! We're Meeseeks! Why did you even rope me into this?
Meeseek *: 'Cause he roped me into this!
Meeseek *: Well, him over there, he roped me into this!
Meeseek *:Well, he roped me into this!
Meeseek *: Well, what about me? He roped me into this.
Meeseek *: Well, that one over there roped me into this.
Meeseek *: Well, he roped me into this.
(Cut to Rick and Morty climbing down a step like it's a mountian)
Rick: Yeah, Morty, this is the part of the story everybody loves scaling down 650,000 oversized steps.
Morty: All right, okay, you know, if this was a story, this part wouldn't be included, stupid. (They see an opening in one of the steps) Hey, Rick, what do you know? Look down there. Looks like some kind of tavern or something built right into the side of the step.
(Rick and Morty appear in the tavern)
Morty: Oh, wow, Rick. Now, this is more like it. Look, there's little staircase-shaped people in here. All kinds of crazy characters. This place is great, you know? It's whimsical and fun.
(Rick sees a creature staring at him)
Rick: What are you looking at, mother-
Morty: Easy, Rick.
A strange looking waitress with large boobs greets them at their table)
Waitress: Pay them no mind. Those stair goblins can be moody. Now, what can I getcha? We've got skarlog poppies, flurlow, halzingers, bloogies, juicy time babies.
Rick: Yeah, yeah, yeah, how about some scotch whiskey? You got any of that around here? Or just a bunch of nonsense words?
Morty: Rick... We'll have two bloogies, please. And, uh, we were wondering, is there a faster way two heroes could get down these stairs?
Slippery: Y'all need to ride down the stairs? My name is slippely-slippery stair. I'll take you down there for 25 shmeckels.
Rick: 25 shmeckels? I don't know how much I don't know what that is. Is that a lot? Is it a little?
Waitress: That's exactly how much I spent on my big fake boobies.
Mr. Booby Buyer: Hi, I'm Mr. Booby Buyer. I'll buy those boobies for 25 shmeckels.
Waitess: It's a tempting offer, but I'm gonna have to decline.
Mr. Booby Buyer: Rats! What a shame.
Rick: Morty, your adventure's in a spiral. For real, man, time to pull out.
Morty: You keep heckling my adventure, Rick! You know why?
Rick: Uh, because it's lame?
Morty: It's because you're petty! You know, how many times have I had to follow you into some nonsensical bull crap? I always roll with the punches, Rick. Why can't you? Look, I got to take a leak, and when I come back, if you haven't learned how to lighten up, don't be here!
Rick: Whatever.
(Cut to the Smith livingroom with all the Meeseeks)
Meeseek: It's become clear-look at me- that if we concentrate all our efforts on Jerry's follow-through, we will solve this problem. I'm Mr. Meeseeks.
Meeseeks *: I'm Mr. Meeseeks. Look at me. The only thing that's clear is that choking up is the one true solution.
Meeseeks 3: Look at me. I'm Mr. Meeseeks. I've been trying to help Jerry for two days, an eternity in Meeseeks time, and nothing's worked. I fear the worst.
Meeseeks: Your failures are your own, old man. I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me. I say follow-through! Who's with me?! Follow-through!
(A Meeseek spawns in another Meeseek)
New Meeseek: I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me!
Meeseek: Kill him!
New Meeseek: Hisssss! (He attacks another meeseek)
(Cut to Morty in the bathroom)
Mr. Jelly Bean: How are you today? I'm Mr. Jelly Bean.
Morty: Hi, Mr. Jelly Bean. I'm Morty. My grandpa and I are on an adventure.
Mr. Jelly Bean: Nice. Is it a fun adventure?
Morty: I hope so. But I'm starting to get nervous that maybe it's gone a little too far off the rails.
Mr. Jelly Bean: Well, isn't that what adventures do?
Morty: Hey, you know what? You're right. Everything's going fine. I just got to relax and go with the flow.
Mr. Jelly Bean Yeah. (He rubs Morty's sholders)
Morty: Okay. Uh. B-bye.
Mr. Jelly Bean Uhh, no, stay. Go with the flow.
Morty: Stop. You're making me really uncomfortable.
(Mr. Jelly Bean clearly wants to rape Morty)
Mr. Jelly Bean (aggresive): Stop fighting me. Just let this happen.
Morty: Get off of me!
♪ Sweet home Alabama ♪
(The fighting makes it to a stall)
Morty: Whoo! No! Stop! Please!
Mr. Jelly Bean: Stop being such a tease, you sweet little-
Morty: No! No!
(Morty gets the upper hand and, in a frenzied attack, slams the toilet seat on Mr. Jelly Bean's head until he is knocked out)
(Back at the Smith house even more Meeseeks have spawned and a full out battle has started. However, even the badly hurt Meeseeks cannot die because the have not completed their task)
Meeseek: Everybody sto-o-o-p! Look at me! My brothers, nothing will be accomplished by shedding Meeseeks blood. None of us can die until our job is done.
Meeseek *: The job can't be done! We'll never get two strokes off his game!
Meeseek: No, we won't. But we will get all strokes off his game.
All other Meeseeks: Where's he going with this? What's he mean?
Meeseek: When we kill him!
(Loud hooting and joy from the meeseeks crowd)
(Cut to Jerry and Beth at dinner)
Beth: Jerry, maybe it's time I take that trip I always talk about.
Jerry: Where would you go?
Beth: I don't know, man. Italy. Greece. Argentina.
Jerry: Countries known for their sexually aggressive men. Did I tell you how much I love your new haircut?
(A loud noise is heard and the glass window breaks with a hoard of Meeseeks angrily storming in)
Jerry: What the heck?
Meeseek: There he is!
Beth: Run, Jerry!
(Beth and Jerry lock themselves in a freezer with a small window in the door)
Meeseek: Come on out, Jerry!
Jerry: Guys, I'll choke up. I'll follow through. I'll do whatever you tell me to do, okay?
Meeseek: Oh, we're well past that, Jerry.
(Cut to Rick at a card table with some other characters)
Card Player: Come on, Rick, quit stalling. What do ya got?
Rick: Read 'em and weep, fellas! (Morty comes back) Oh, hey, Morty. Listen, I'm really sorry about all that stuff I said earlier about your adventure. I'm havin' a good time, Morty. It's not so bad.
Morty (very stressed): Let's just go home, okay? I'm calling it. The adventure's over.
Rick: We can't leave now, Morty. I'm on fire!
Morty: Look, I want to leave now. You win the bet, okay? Just give me the portal gun and let's go, please. Please, I just want to go home.
(Rick sees the badly beaten Mr. Jelly Bean walk out of the bathroom and pieces together what happened)
Rick: Okay. Listen, Morty. I just won a bunch of shmeckels. Why don't we use 25 of them to pay slippery stair here for a ride back to the village, and then we'll give the rest of the shmeckels to the villagers, huh?
Morty: Really?
Rick: Sure, Morty. Yeah. You know, a good adventure needs a good ending.
(Outside on the steps)
Slippery: Buckle up! (He starts to take them down)
(Cut back to the freezer)
Meeseek (presumably 3): Meeseeks are not born into this world fumbling for meaning, Jerry! We are created to serve a singular purpose for which we will go to any lengths to fulfill! Existence is pain to a Meeseeks, Jerry. And we will do anything to alleviate that pain. Just ask... (Meeseek grabs a woman) Aah! ...what's your name, ma'am?
Woman: Samantha. Please, mister! Give him what he wants!
Jerry: Innocent people are going to die because of me. Why am I so mediocre?
(Beth takes a stand, tears a pipe off of a rack, and grabs Jerry off the ground)
Beth: Jerry, turn around. Straighten your back. Bend your knees. Bend them. Square your shoulders. Take a deep breath. I love you.
Meeseek (presumably 3): I'm counting to three, Jerry.
(Jerry, using the pipe, hits a garlic clove into a pot)
Samantha; What the f*** is going on?
All Meeseeks: He's got it! That's a lower handicap stro-o-ke!
(All the Meeseeks stop existing except 1)
Meeseeks: Excuse me. I'm a bit of a stickler Meeseeks. What about your short game?
Samantha: Oh, my God, oh, my God! What about your short game?!
(Jerry puts some more garlic into a cup)
Meeseek: Ooh, nice! (Stops existing)
Jerry: I think we'll take our food to go.
Owner: No, you won't. The police are coming. You have so many questions to answer.
Jerry: Fair enough.
(Rick and Morty return to the village in triumph)
The First Villager: Thank you, kind sir. Our village is saved! You are both true heroes!
Rick: Good job, Morty. Looks like you won the bet.
Morty: Thanks, Rick, but I don't know if I should. You know, you were right about the universe. It's a crazy and chaotic place.
Rick: Well, you know, maybe that's why it could use a little cleaning up every now and then, you know. This one's wrapped up neat and clean because we did it Morty style.
The First Villager: Oh! Heroes, we would like to introduce you to our beloved king so that he may thank you personally.
(The badly beaten Mr. Jelly Bean is carried to towards them on a thrown)
Morty: Uh, no, I-it's cool. Rick. Portal. Hurry.
(They portal away, but Rick makes another portal back and sticks an energy pistol through it and shoots Mr. Jelly Bean, splattering him all over the screaming villagers)
(Back at the Smith house)
Jerry: So... You still thinking about taking that trip?
Beth: Jerry, look. We don't have a perfect marriage, but I'm not going anywhere. When we were in that freezer, I realized the Meeseeks are like the guys I went to high school with willing to say anything to "complete their task."
Jerry: Was I one of those guys?
Beth: The difference is you didn't disappear afterwards.
Jerry: Well... I got you pregnant.
Beth: Yeah...
Rick: What the hell happened to this place?
Beth: Uh, your Meeseeks box happened. They went crazy when they couldn't take two strokes off Jerry's golf game. He felt terrible.
Rick: Hey, it's not my fault that Jerry's an idiot.
Beth: Dad!
Jerry: Is there anything you can do to clean this place up?
Rick: Well, you know, I do have a Fleeseeks box.
Jerry: No. No more boxes.
Rick: What? It just has a mop and some floor wax in it. Wubba lubba dub dubs! (Everyone laughs) Yeah! That's my new thing! I'm kind of like what's his name Arsenio. Isn't that it's what Arsenio used to say on his show. Wobble gobba lop bops! Right? See you next week, everybody.
(After the end credits at the village)
Villager 1: I don't get it.
Villager 2: Sir, I think you're going to want to see this. We found it inside a lockbox inside king Jelly Bean's closet. (A box of pictures of many young boys Mr. Jelly Bean molested) We have to tell the people.
Villager 1: Wait. Destroy it. (They set the box on fire) Our people will get more from the idea he represented... than from the jelly bean he actually was.
(They stare at a statue of Mr. Jelly Bean standing next to a young boy with his hand on his sholder)
[Configure Reference Popups]This episode is a transcript of the Rick and Morty episode Mortynight Run from Season 2. It aired on August 2, 2015.
[Open Ext. Rick's Ship in Outer Space]
(Morty drives, Rick sits in the passenger seat, and Jerry is in the back.)
Rick: Learning to fly this thing, Morty, it's gonna be really liberating. Y-Y-You’re gonna be free to go on all kinds of errands for me.
Morty: Cool.
Rick: *points out the window* See that planet right there? Don’t fly too close to that planet. Someone’ll come out and try to wash your windshield. (Rick’s phone rings.) Hold on. *picks up* Yup. Yeah, I have it. Where do you wanna meet? Alright, cool. *hangs up* Alright Morty, lesson’s over. We got some business to attend to a few lightminutes south of here.
Jerry: Oh, you still use ‘south’ in space?
Rick: *startled* WHOA! Jesus, Jerry, what the hell are you doing here?!
Jerry: What are you talking about? We agreed a boy’s father should be present when he’s learning to drive.
Rick: I guess I remember that. *rubs forehead* Wow. And you’ve just been back there this whole time? Amazing. Well we don’t have time to take him to Earth, Morty. Head for 3124-917.
Jerry: *chuckles* Cool! Looks like I’m comin’ along for an adventure!
Rick: Yep.
[Trans. Empty space]
Morty: This is where we’re going?
Rick: Nope. (An asteroid-like mass materializes before them.) This is. You can park in a handicapped spot, Morty. Anything with less than eight limbs is considered disabled here.
(Morty parks clumsily.)
[Trans. Int. Jerryboree]
(Human Music plays in the lobby as Rick signs Jerry in.)
Jerry-Sitter: Well look at this fella. *pinches Jerry’s cheek* Aren’t you handsome?
Jerry: Thank you! I’m Jerry. *extends hand*
Jerry-Sitter: *as if speaking to a child* Oh, I know you are. Did you come here in a spaceship?
(She guides Jerry through a set of doors.)
Jerry: I’m travelling with my son and father-in-law. Uh, wait, are they coming?
Jerry-Sitter: Oh, they’ll be back soon.
Jerry: What?
(A set of sliding doors open, revealing a room full of Jerrys from different dimensions.)
Pajama Jerry: I don’t know how this works!
Underpants Jerry: Help me!
Jerry: What the hell?
Pajama Jerry: I know, right?
Tuxedo Jerry: *enters room* Oh, what the hell?
Jerry: I know, right?
[Trans. Jerryboree Lobby]
Morty: *looking at a pamphlet* Jerryboree? You created a daycare for my dad?
Rick: You kidding? I wish I had this idea. Well… I did have this idea, but I wish I was the version of me that owned it. That guy’s rich.
Receptionist: Don’t forget to check the reason for your drop-off.
Rick: *checks off “Stowaway” and “Annoying me”* Trust me Morty, I’ve heard stories from other Ricks. Jerrys don’t tend to last five minutes off of Earth. This is a totally unregistered cross-temporal asteroid. Here they can romp and play with other Jerrys. It couldn’t be safer.
(As they walk out, Rick hands Morty a ticket.)
Rick: Hey Morty, hang onto this. That number’s your dad. If you lose it, we’re not gonna be able to get him back.
[Intro sequence]
[Trans. Parking garage]
(Morty parks the ship clumsily, damaging nearby vehicles.)
Rick: Okay, wait here.
Morty: I wanna come with.
Rick: Don’t come with. It’s boring, it’s *burps* business stuff.
Morty: What kinda business do you do in a garage? You know, this seems a little shady.
Rick: Right, like nothing shady ever happened in a fully furnished office? You ever hear about Wall Street Morty? Y-You know what those guys do in th—in their fancy board rooms? They take their balls, and they dip ‘em in cocaine, and they wipe ‘em all over each other. You know, Grandpa goes around, and he does his business in public because Grandpa isn’t shady.
(Krombopulos Michael knocks on Rick’s window.)
Rick: Ah, crap. *rolls down window* Hey, what’s up?
Krombopulos Michael: Hey, Rick! Haha! Here you go, three thousand Flurbos! D’you have the weapon?
Rick: Can… Can we please…? This is my grandson, Morty.
Krombopulos Michael: Well hi Morty! I’m Krombopulos Michael! I’m an assassin. I buy guns from your grandpa.
Rick: Ugh. *passes Krombopulos Michael a case containing the antimatter gun* Here, now go away.
Krombopulos Michael: *examines weapon* Ooh, yeah, this looks deadly. So this shoots antimatter? My target can’t be killed with regular matter. Nice to meet you, Morty! Listen, if you ever need anybody murdered, *passes Morty his card* please give me a call. I’m very discrete—
Rick: Y-Y-Y-You’re gonna give him your card?!
Krombopulos Michael: I have no code of ethics, I will kill anyone, anywhere! Children, animals, old people, doesn’t matter. I just love killin’!
(Krombopulos Michael leaves.)
Morty: …You sell weapons to killers for money?
Rick: Ugh… You’ve got what the intergalactic call a very planetary mindset, Morty. It’s more complicated out here! These are Flurbos. Do you understand what two humans can accomplish with three thousand of these?
Morty: Uh, what?
Rick: An entire afternoon at Blips and Chiiiitz!
[Trans. Blips and Chitz]
Rick: Aw, this place is the best. It’s got beer, games, prizes, and you can never tell what time it is.
Morty: You sold a gun to a murderer so you could play video games?
Rick: Yeah, sure, if you spend all day shuffling words around you can make anything sound bad, Morty. *puts a helmet on Morty’s head* Here, check this out.
(Morty’s eyes roll back into his head.)
[Trans. Roy’s room]
Roy: Ah!
(Roy wakes up, frightened and panting.)
Roy’s mother: Roy, what’s wrong?
Roy: I…had a nightmare. I was with an old man… He put a helmet on me.
Roy’s mother: It’s just a fever. Get some sleep, I don’t want you missing school on Monday. *walks out of the room and switches off the lights*
[Trans. Roy’s school]
Teacher: I want you kids to look around you today and think about your future. (Roy looks outside and sees kids playing with a football. He smiles.) Now is the time in your life when anything is possible.
[Trans. Football game]
(Roy is now older, and a football player.)
Announcer: Spiraling perfectly, it’s gonna be caught by Roy Parsons! Roy Parsons is at the 20! (Roy makes eye contact with a girl in the stands.) Now he’s at the 10! Nothing can stop Roy the Rocket! Touchdown!
[Trans. Roy’s kitchen]
(Roy is older, now married to the girl from the football game with a young son. They’re eating dinner.)
Roy’s wife: I just think it’s time to get realistic. Have you talked to my father about the carpet store? Roy?
[Trans. Carpet store]
(Roy now works at the carpet store. He gets a call from his doctor.)
[Trans. Doctor’s office]
Doctor: Had we caught it sooner… Well, hindsight is 20-20, Roy. What’s important is that we move quickly.
[Trans. Hospital room]
(Roy is battling cancer. His wife, older, sits with him.)
Roy: I’m not…ready to die…
Roy’s wife: *takes his hand* You’re not going to.
[Trans. Roy’s house]
(Roy survived surgery. His wife wheelchairs him into the house, where friends and relatives applaud his entry. A streamer reads “CANCER CAN’T BEAT THE ROCKET”)
[Trans. Carpet store]
(Roy is older still, now greying and wearing glasses.)
Customer: Hey, thanks for the carpet, Roy.
(Roy shakes his hand, then sits and looks fondly at a trophy that reads “World’s Greatest Dad.”)
Voice: *shouting from off screen* Hey Roy, you pull those Persian off-white shags for the clearance sale?
(Roy gets up and steps onto a short ladder to retrieve the rugs. He loses his balance.)
Roy: Whoa. Sh-shit! Shit!
(He hits the ground and dies. Text reads “GAME OVER”.)
[Trans. Blips and Chitz]
(Morty regains consciousness and removes the helmet, frightened and confused.)
Morty: Whoa! What the hell?! Wha—Where am I?! What the hell?!
Rick: Fifty-five years. Not bad, Morty. You kinda wasted your thirties though with that whole birdwatching phase.
Morty: *looks around, grips his head* W… Where’s my wife?
Rick: Morty. You were just playing a game. It’s called Roy. Snap out of it, come on. *hands him his tickets*
Morty: I’m Morty… You’re Rick… Hey, you sold a gun to a guy that kills people!
Rick: Lookit this. You beat cancer and then you went back to work at the carpet store? Boo.
(Rick sits in the seat to play Roy.)
Morty: Don’t dodge the issue, Rick! Selling a gun to a hitman is the same as pulling the trigger!
Rick: It’s also the same as doing nothing. If Krombopulos Michael wants someone dead, there’s not a lot anybody can do to stop him. That’s why he does it for a living? Now if you’ll excuse me, it’s time to thrash your Roy score. *puts on the helmet*
Morty: You could stop this killing from happening, Rick! You know, y-you did a bad thing selling that gun, but you could undo it if you wanted!
Rick: Uh-huh, yeah, that’s the difference between you and me, Morty. I never go back to the carpet store.
Alien: *passing by, sees Rick playing Roy* Holy shit! This guy’s taking Roy off the grid! (Other alien patrons gasp and congregate around Rick.) This guy doesn’t have a social security number for Roy!
(Morty looks at Krombopulos Michael’s business card, which shows his location, and walks away.)
[Trans. Jerryboree]
(Jerry approaches the Jerrysitter from earlier.)
Jerry: Hi, I’m sorry, I think there was a misunderstanding. I’m an adult and would like to go home, please.
Jerry-Sitter: Well of course! Right through that tube. *points to a tube in the wall*
Jerry: *muttering to self* Unbelievable. *approaches the tube and starts climbing in*
Jerry-Sitter: You’re doing great!
Jerry: *indignantly* I know how to crawl in a tube. *to himself, while crawling* Ugh… Come on… This is harder than it looks… (Suddenly the tube transitions into a slide.) Whoooooaaaa!
(Jerry lands in a ballpit in an area designed similarly to the Smith house. Other Jerrys are in the ballpit playing Marco Polo.)
Pink-shirt Jerry: Marco? (Jerrys laugh.) Marco?
Other Jerry: Come find me.
Pink-shirt Jerry: Marco? (Jerrys laugh again.)
(Our Jerry seems disturbed.)
Jerry: You guys are enjoying this? Don’t you feel a little… patronized?
Pink-shirt Jerry: How so?
(Someone dressed in a large Beth costume approaches the ballpit.)
Daycare Beth: Jerry!
Other Jerry: Beeeth.
Jerry: Oh, come on, this is ridiculous!
Daycare Beth: I love you, Jerry!
Jerry: Aw… Beth…
Daycare Beth: Who wants to come watch Midnight Run with director’s commentary on?
Jerrys: Oh! Yes! Definitely!
Daycare Beth: First one there gets to adjust the picture settings!
(Jerrys become more excited.)
Jerry: The factory tint setting is always too high! *climbs out of the ballpit and hurries after “Beth” with the other Jerrys*
Other Jerry: Out of my way!
Another Jerry: The factory tint setting is always too high!
[Timeskip]
(Daycare Beth sits on a couch with a Jerry on each side of her and dozens of other Jerrys surrounding them, watching Midnight Run.)
[Trans. Government outpost]
(Krombopulos Michael prepares to carry out the hit. He holds up a heart shaped locket with a picture of a presumed romantic partner in it, kisses the locket, and puts it away.)
Krombopulos Michael: Oh boy, here I go killin’ again!
(Krombopulos Michael sneaks through the building, killing several Gromflomite guards along the way before arriving in the chamber his target is kept. His target appears to be a strange, gaseous being. Krombopulos Michael draws his weapon, but before he can shoot, Morty crashes Rick’s ship through the ceiling, crushing him.)
Ship: You have arrived at Krombopulos Michael. Your destination is below.
Morty: *dazed* All out of off-white Persians… *gets out of the ship and realizes he killed Krombopulos Michael* Oh man, wha-wh-wh-what have I done?! *picks up KM’s arm and the antimatter gun*
Gromflomite: (pointing a gun at Morty) Drop the gun!
Morty: You don’t understand! This guy was gonna kill someone!
Gromflomite: I guess that makes two of us. *fires up his weapon*
(A portal forms through the guard, bisecting him down the middle, and Rick walks out of it.)
Rick: What are you doing Morty?! This is a Galactic Federation outpost! Look, I don’t have time to tell you my entire backstory, but Grandpa and government don’t get along!
Fart: You saved my life!
(Rick and Morty both turn to face the gaseous being.)
Rick: What?
Morty: Huh?! Are you Krombopulos Michael’s target? W-Wwwwhat’s your name?
Fart: My kind has no use for names. I communicate through what you call “Jessica’s feet.” No, “telepathy.”
Rick: Oh, good job, Morty. Y-Y-Y-You killed my best customer but you saved a mind-reading fart!
Fart: I like this name, ‘Fart.’ Morty, would you kindly release me by pulling that lever to the left of my cell? I am in great pain.
Rick: Morty, don’t do it. (Morty walks toward the lever.) Morty… (Morty glances at Rick before pulling the lever. Alarms start to sound as Fart escapes his cell.) Morty, you idiot!
Morty: Oh crap, let’s get you outta here!
Rick: We can’t get him outta here. He’s gaseous. He’s not gonna make it through a portal, Morty.
Morty: *stomps past Rick* Well then I guess we’re all getting in the car! Right, uh…
Fart: Fart.
Morty: No! Jus-j-j-just get in the car!
(Fart floats into the car and Morty sits in the driver’s seat.)
Rick: Morty, come on, I-I wanna go back to Blips and Chitz. I don’t wanna deal with this!
Morty: Y-You’ve been clear on the fact that you don’t wanna help, so just go away!
Fart: More are coming.
(Rick starts walking off.)
Rick: Screw this. I’m out.
(Rick forms a portal and leaves through it. Morty tries to start the car as a Gromflomite approaches, but it stalls.)
Morty: Oooh…! Come on, come on!
Gromflomite: Get out of the vehicle made of garbage or we will open fire!
Morty: *still trying to start the car* Oh no no no!
Gromflomite: Open fire!
(A portal appears directly above the guards and water pours out of it, flooding the room. Another portal appears on the floor, and the water and Gromflomites are sucked into it. A third portal then appears and Rick emerges through it, walking up to the car.)
Rick: Stupid-ass fart-saving carpet-store motherfucker! *shoves Morty out of the driver’s seat and takes the wheel* Move!
(Fart moves to the backseat as Morty takes the passenger seat.)
Rick: Wait, did you fuck with my seat settings?
(Morty buckles up and Rick begins adjusting the seat settings.)
Fart: More are coming.
(More Gromflomites storm into the room. Rick continues adjusting the seat.)
Morty: Rick!
Rick: Yeah, yeah. (He crashes the car into the Gromflomites before flying away from the outpost.)
[Trans. Gear World, Int. Gearhead’s shop/residence]
(Rick, Morty, and Fart wait while Gearhead works on the car. Morty and Fart are watching Gazorpazorpfield.)
Gearhead: Your geldon convertor is pretty dinged up.
Rick: That’s ‘cause my grandson drives like a male Obavradian. Yeah, I said it. Some stereotypes are based in fact.
Gearhead: Actually, it’s because of years of neglect. You really need to respect your gears, Rick. To you, they’re just wheels with teeth, but in my culture, wars have been fought, entire—
Rick: *interrupts him* So I’ve heard. Just fix it. *to Morty* I don’t think the Gromflomites can track us now, but it looks like we’re gonna be here for awhile. *lowers voice* Or, ya know, if you still have that gun K. Michael dropped, we can finish the job and go home.
Fart: You do understand I’m telepathic, right?
Rick: I’m being polite.
Morty: Rick, we’re taking him back where he belongs!
Rick: Yeah, where’s that? Are you going on a quest to find he who smelt it?
Fart: I came here accidentally through a wormhole located in what you call “get out of my head, Fart, I know you’re in here, la la la la—” No, in what you call the Promethean Nebula.
Rick: Oh great, just a hop, skip, and an 800 lightyear jump!
Morty: You know, you can leave any time you want, Rick.
Rick: *walks away, muttering* Whatever you wanna do you little punk-ass little bitch…
Fart: Thank you, Morty. You are not like other carbon-based life forms. You put the value of all life above your own.
Morty: That’s how things should be. It’s how they could be.
Fart: I could not agree more.
(Fart envelops Morty as “Goodbye Moonmen” begins.)
Fart: (singing over a montage formed from Morty’s imagination) The world can be one together / Cosmos without hatred / Stars like diamonds in your eyes. / The ground can be space (space, space, space, space) / With feet marching toward a peaceful sky. / All the moonmen want things their way / But we make sure they see the sun. / Goodbye, moonmen / You say goodbye, moonmen. / Goodby—
Rick: *holding a golf club* Shut the fuck up about moonmen! This isn’t a musical number. This is a fucking operation, we gotta be cool and fucking lay low!
[Trans. Jerryboree]
(A roomful of Jerrys on computers forward each other joke emails.)
Random Jerry: *opens email and laughs* Duck, duck, birdie? (All Jerrys open emails and laugh.) Very funny!
Jerry: Here comes another funny…
Other Jerry: Hahaha! Oh, this place is great.
Jerry: I almost wish I could stay longer than one day.
Other Jerry: *suddenly serious* You just might.
Jerry: W-What do you mean?
[Trans. Room of Forgotten Jerrys]
(The other Jerry from before leads our Jerry inside.)
Other Jerry: These are the Jerrys whose Ricks and Mortys never came back. (Forgotten Jerrys stand, sit, and lie around the room, generally looking despondent.) …They live here now.
Jerry: Uuuum…
[Trans. Gearhead’s place]
(Gearhead continues working on the car while the others watch Ball Fondlers. The show is cut off by Breaking News.)
Gear Anchor: No gear turnings as of yet in the curious case of these unidentified humanoid fugitives (An image of Rick and Morty in the car as Rick was adjusting the seat settings appears onscreen.) reportedly at large somewhere within the Gear System.
Rick: Son of a… *approaches Fart* Why were the Gromflomites holding you prisoner? What the fuck is so valuable about you?
Fart: I am no more valuable than life itself. However, I am able to alter the composition of atoms, like this. (An electric fuzz seems to go through the gaseous cloud and a lump of gold materializes, dropping to the ground beneath him.) That was oxygen. I added seventy-one protons to it.
Rick: *picks up the gold* Ah, terrific. The fart that pooped gold. No wonder every cop in the system is lookin’ for us! *pockets gold* Any species that gets a hold of this thing is gonna use it to take over the galaxy. Do you know how inconvenient that’s gonna be to my work?
(Sirens sound outside. Rick rushes to the window and sees police in flying vehicles have surrounded the place.)
Rick: Somebody dropped the dime on us. Gearhead… *turns around*
Gearhead: *pointing a gun at Rick* I’m sorry, Rick. The reward on your head is too high. And like you always say, you gotta look out for Number One.
Rick: Number One is me, asshole! You’re supposed to be my friend!
Gearhead: Friend? Do you even know my real name? It’s Revolio Clockberg Junior. I belong to an entire species of gear people. Calling me ‘Gearhead’ is like calling a Chinese person ‘Asia-face.’
(Rick notices a nearby box of twigs, marked with a warning. He throws them at Gearhead and they get caught in his mouth, causing him to drop the gun.)
Gearhead: No, not twigs!
(Rick kicks Gearhead in the crotch, removes his gear-testicles, pulls two gears out of his mouth, and shoves the gear-testicles in their place while Gearhead moans in pain, clutching his mouth and groin.)
Rick: Two things I wanna make clear to everybody in this room. Never betray me, and it’s time to go.
(Rick, Morty, and Fart get in the car and fly out through a window. Two gear police enter.)
Gear Policeman #1: Nobody move!
(Gearhead waves his hands, trying to communicate. The officers see how he’s been disfigured.)
Gear Policeman #2: Oh my god.
Gear Policeman #1: Are those…?
(Both vomit oil and metal.)
[Trans. Ext. Gear World]
(Rick leads police on a flying chase, shooting and driving at the same time. Numerous police cars crash, killing officers and civilians.)
Rick: Hey Morty, remember when you said selling a gun was as bad as pulling the trigger? How do you feel about all these people getting killed because of your choices?
Morty: I did the right thing, Rick!
Rick: Tell that to Gearhead’s gearsticles.
Morty: You did that!
Rick: Wrong! I’d be playin’ Roy right now. At a certain point, my hands are tied, Morty.
(Both don expressions of surprise as helicopters appear in front of them. Rick quickly steers the craft away and the chase continues.)
[Trans. Forgotten Jerrys room]
Jerry: *playing poker with other Jerrys, sighs* I can’t believe Rick did this. This is the eighth to the last straw.
Bearded Jerry: Ante up.
Jerry: You know what? *throws down cards* Screw it! I have a better gamble for your guys. *leans forward* I say we escape.
(Other Jerrys stare at him for several seconds.)
Bearded Jerry: If you want to leave, you can just go out the front door.
Tank-top Jerry: You think we’re kept here against our will? That would be illegal.
Jerry: But… If you can leave, then why are you still here?
Buzzcut Jerry: Same reason as you. *looks to other Jerrys for confirmation* …We’re Jerrys.
(Jerry stands in disgust.)
[Trans. Jerryboree lobby]
(Jerry is marching out.)
Jerry: I’m leaving.
Jerry-Sitter: Okay then, that was always allowed.
[Trans. Gearworld]
(The chase is still on. Rick stops his vehicle, and Gromflomite ships pass him, giving him a chance to shoot them. He drives off again and pulls out a gun.)
Rick: Morty, take the wheel!
(Rick and Morty clumsily swap seats.)
Morty: Whoa, whoa!
Rick: Whoa!
(Rick climbs into his seat as Morty buckles up.)
Rick: Geez, dammit, Morty! Who taught you to fly this thing?! *laughs* Haha, I’m kidding, I know that’s on me.
Morty: Um, Rick!
(An enormous craft lowers down before them. At this point, the car is surrounded.)
Rick: Shit. Well, I guess this is it.
Fart: Morty, crack the window.
(Morty open the window and Fart flies out, entering a gear policecar and entering the officer’s mind.)
Fart: I wonder why Greg is always so critical of my girlfriend.
Officer: Well… He’d probably like to have me to himself, that’s how friends are.
Fart: Or does he want her to himself?
(Fart induces an image in the officer’s mind of Greg having sex with his girlfriend. “Goodbye Moonmen” begins again.)
Fart: The world can be one together / Cosmos without hatred / Stars like diamonds in your eyes.
Officer: *anguished* My life is a fucking joke.
(He crashes his cruiser, setting off a chain of destruction of police and government vehicles as Fart continues singing. Rick and Morty look on from the car, shocked.)
Fart: Goodbye, moonmen. / You say, goodbye, moonmen.
(The destruction beings to kill civilians of Gearworld.)
Fart: Goodbye, moonmen… (Fart floats back in through the window and the song ends.) Alright, let’s proceed.
Rick: Damn. Can’t blame that on the dog. …Talk about silent but deadly. I-I’ve seen some nerve gas but ga- th-this gas got some nerve! Haha, you know what I’m sayin’?
Morty: *not amused* Are you done?
Rick: I’ll let you know, Morty. Gone with the wind, am I right? If you don’t like that one, Morty, an alt on that one could be, like…if I said Gasablanca! …Alright, I’m done. (Morty starts driving.) Let’s get to the Promethean Nebula, so my grandson can finish savin’ a life!
[Trans. Cross-temporal asteroid, customs]
(Jerry walks through a set of sliding doors and gets in line, intent on finding a way back home. He approaches the window.)
Garblovian: Ga-ga blahg blahg?
Jerry: Um… Earth, please?
(The alien stamps a ticket and passes it to Jerry.)
Jerry: Um… Is this… Do I pay?
Garblovian: Agah blahg-blah! (Jibberish continues as Jerry rushes away. Other aliens heckle him.)
Jerry: Sorry!
[Trans. Ext. Cross-temporal asteroid]
(Jerry passes a homeless alien holding a sign that says “WHY LIE? WILL USE GLEMS FOR GLOOBIES!” He then spots a creature that appears somewhat like a small hairless dog.)
Jerry: Hmm. Hmm… *hesitantly makes to pet the creature, but its face suddenly splays out in a tentacle formation* Agh! *runs away*
(Jerry runs into an alleyway where he’s met by a shirtless Garblovian, holding out a cup.)
Garblovian: Agah blahg blahg?
Jerry: I don’t…
Garblovian: *angrily* Agah blahg!
Jerry: What do you want?
Garblovian: *holds out cup* Agah blahg blah—
(The alien suddenly explodes into bluish goo. Some of it gets on Jerry.)
Jerry: Oh! *looks at self and begins panicking* Ahahaaaahhhhh….
(Two smaller Garblovians run up to Jerry, jabbering and holding out cups. Jerry runs away, and one drinks some of the bluish goo from its cup.)
Jerry: *wiping goo off himself* Uhhh… Huhhh…. (Stumbles upon two fleshy alien creatures mid-coitus.) Oooh! *runs away*
(Jerry now sits on a lone bench under a streetlight, looking around the alien world in obvious fear and flinching at strange noises.)
[Trans. Int. Jerryboree]
(Jerry walks back inside, hanging his head. The Jerry-Sitter smiles cheerfully. He approaches some of the same Jerrys from before. They’re trying to set up a television.)
Tank-top Jerry: Hey, are you the one that left?
Jerry: *single nod*
Tank-top Jerry: I get it. It’s… uh… a hassle out there.
Jerry: *suddenly less forlorn* Right? Who needs that?
Other Jerrys: *to one another* Right? Not me.
Paul: Oh-ho, not us!
Jerry: Uh… Who are you?
Paul: Oh, excuse me. Paul Fleishman. *shakes Jerry’s hand* Infinite timelines! In some of them Beth remarries.
Jerry: …Geez…
Paul: Don’t worry. I treat Beth very well, and I do not overstep my bounds with Morty. Every kid needs a dad, but there’s no replacing you. Hey, you wanna give us a hand with this? *gestures to the TV* We’re trying to figure out how to get the sound coming through the stereo instead of the TV. I-I-I don’t—It’s very difficult.
Jerry: Oh. Uh, well, is there an Aux input?
Tank-top Jerry: I tried that, but there’s two different colors.
(Pans out to show several clusters of Jerrys also working on identical television sets.)
Various Jerrys: Uh… There’s two different colors.
[Trans. Promethean Nebula]
(Dinosaur-like creatures eat plant matter in what appears to be a vast jungle. Rick’s ship flies into view. Rick is now behind the wheel.)
Fart: The wormhole is seventy of what you call ‘meters’ what you call ‘north’ of what you call ‘here.’
Rick: Fine. Morty, take your fart to his hole and say your goodbyes. I’m gonna find some fuel and take a biiiig fat Morty. (Morty gets out of the car.) That’s my new word for ‘shit’ because of today’s events.
(Morty and Fart head north, soon finding the wormhole.)
Fart: Here it is. This should take me back to my kind.
Morty: I’m gonna miss you, um, Fart. I’m really sorry your name became Fart.
Fart: I will be back soon, Morty.
Morty: *excited* Really?
Fart: After I return to the others with this location, we will be back for your cleansing.
Morty: Um… Cleansing…?
Fart: Carbon-based life is a threat to all higher life. To us, you are what you would call a disease. Wherever we discover you, we cure it. You said yourself that life must be protected even through sacrifice. (Morty, shocked and saddened, begins to tear up.) You haven’t changed your mind about that. I can sense your thoughts. Morty.
Morty: *wipes his eyes* Um… Before you go… Could you sing a… C-Could you sing for me again?
Fart: Yes, Morty. *approaches him as “Goodbye Moonmen” begins, again set to a sequence formed from Morty’s imagination* Cosmos without hatred / Blinding stars of cosmic light / Quasars shine through endless night / And everything is one in the beauty / And now we say goodby—
(The song is interrupted as Morty shoots Fart with the antimatter gun.)
Fart: Morty… Why… Why?
(Morty shoots him several more times until he completely vanishes, then drops the gun, crying.)
Morty: Goodbye.
(Rick is loading something into the ship as Morty returns.)
Rick: So did you guys make out a little bit? Is he gonna send you a postcard? (Morty wordlessly enters the car.) Man, that guy hit the lottery when he crossed paths with you.
[Trans. Open space]
Rick: Morty, I know I picked on your core beliefs and decision making a lot today, but I am glad you insisted on gettin’ that fart home. You know, at least all the death and destruction wasn’t for nothin’, you know? *notices Morty’s detached, almost anguished expression* You miss your fart friend, huh? Well I’ve got a little surprise for you, buddy. While you were gone I found another wormhole with millions of beings just like him on the other side and they’re all coming to visit.
Morty: *panicking* What?! Rick! No, you can’t!
Rick: Too late, Morty. The hole’s opening.
Morty: No, no, Rick! You don’t understand!
(Rick farts.)
Rick: Th-there’s a lot more where that came from too.
[Trans. Jerryboree]
(Our Rick and Morty enter the lobby, which is filled with Ricks, Mortys, and Jerrys.)
Rick: Hey. *taps another Rick’s arm* Hey bro. How many people was your Roy responsible for killing today?
Other Rick: None, we chilled at Blips and Chitz all day, ain’t that right homie?
Other Morty: Darn right bro! Roy rules!
Other Rick: Haha!
(The other Rick and Morty leave with their Jerry.)
Rick: *glares at Morty* Must be nice… Hey, Morty, there’s our Jerry.
(The Jerry-sitter guides a Jerry toward them. He and Morty hug.)
Jerry: Mm, I missed you. Hey, Rick.
Rick: Glad you’re safe Jerry. What do you say we go home?
Jerry: I’d like that.
Another Rick: *holding a ticket* Hey, wait, do you have 5126?
Rick: Uh, I’m not sure. Morty.
(Morty pulls a ticket out of his pocket.)
Other Rick: Uh, that’s a Blips and Chitz ticket.
Morty: What?!
Rick: Way to go, Morty. Eh, whatever.
(The Ricks exchange Jerrys. Both Jerrys look uncertain and nervous.)
Jerrys: Uh… W-wait, what?
Ricks: Alright, come on, Jerry.
[End credits]
[Trans. Alien planet]
(Various species of aliens are walking down the street when they stop and listen to an announcer’s voice.)
Announcer: Are you tired of the same daily droll? Well, get on over to Blips and Chitz! (As he describes things, they appear on screen.) We got, uh… one game! We got a whole bunch of games here! Uh, we got chabos and flobos and you can shoot things! Get on over here and play the games! Use your Flurbos to get tickets! Roy 2 just got here! G-Get over here at Ch… Chips and Chitz!
Rick: It’s the coolest place in the world! Hahahaha, I g- I get to be in a commercial!
[END]
[Configure Reference Popups][Open on Morty combing his hair in the bathroom mirror. He is wearing an orange sweater vest, a yellow dress shirt, and an olive tie.]
Rick: (offscreen, in the distance) Morty.
[Morty stops combing, looks around, then continues combing]
Rick: (offscreen, in the distance) Morty!
Morty: Rick?
Rick: (offscreen, in the distance) Hey, Mooorty!
Morty: Rick? Are you far away, or are you inside something?
[Morty opens a cabinet beneath the bathroom sink]
Is this a camera?
[Morty tries to look inside his comb for a camera]
Is everything a camera?
[Morty nervously glances around]
Rick: (offscreen, in the distance) Morty, the garage, Morty. Come to the garage!
[Transition to Morty entering the garage. There is a pickle and a screwdriver on Rick's work bench]
Rick: Morty?
Morty: Rick? W-where are you?
Rick: On my work bench, Morty.
Morty: Are you invisible and you're gonna, like, fart on me?
Rick: Flip the pickle over.
Morty: What, I'm gonna touch it, and you're gonna tell me it's an alien dick or something.
Rick: Come on, flip the pickle, Morty. You're not gonna regret it. The payoff is huge.
[Morty hesitantly picks up the screwdriver and turns the pickle over. The pickle has Rick's face on it]
Pickle Rick: I turned myself into a pickle, Morty! Boom! Big reveal: I'm a pickle. What do you think about that? I turned myself into a pickle! W-what are you just staring at me for, bro. I turned myself into a pickle, Morty!
Morty: And?
Pickle Rick: "And"? What more do you want tacked on to this? I turned myself into a pickle, and 9/11 was an inside job?
Morty: Was it?
Pickle Rick: Who cares, Morty? Global acts of terrorism happen every day. Uh, here's something that's never happened before: I'm a pickle. I'm Pickle Rick!
Morty: Are you going to, I mean, you know, is this the first part of some magic trick?
Pickle Rick: I don't do magic, Morty, I do science. One takes brains, the other takes dark eye liner.
Morty: Well, can you move? Can you fly?
Pickle Rick: I wouldn't be much of a pickle if I could.
Morty: All right, well, do pickles live forever or --
Pickle Rick: Morty, stop digging for hidden layers and just be impressed. I'm a pickle.
Morty: I-I'm just trying to figure out why you would do this. Why anyone would do this.
Pickle Rick: The reason anyone would do this is, if they could, which they can't, would be because they could, which they can't.
[Beth and Summer enter the garage from the house. Beth is wearing a midi mahogany pencil dress while Summer is wearing a shorter pink dress with a hot pink jacket, along with black stockings and black heels]
Beth: Morty, we have to get going, or we're gonna be late. Where's your grandpa?
Pickle Rick: Right here, sweetie. I'm a pickle!
Beth: What?! Why would you -- Look, we're running late. We have to go.
Pickle Rick: Where are you guys going?
Beth: We have an appointment downtown that was set a week ago and agreed upon by everyone, including you.
Pickle Rick: Oh, my God. Beth, oh, it totally slipped my mind. Geez, oh, man. I'm a pickle. I mean, I don't know if I can, ooh, geez.
Morty: Rick, did you do this on purpose to get out of family counseling?
Beth: Morty!
Pickle Rick: It's okay, Beth. I understand Morty's suspicion. I've misled him before. Morty, turn me so we're making eye contact.
[Morty turns Pickle Rick's face so that it is facing him]
Morty, I assure you, I would never "find a way" to "get out of" family therapy. I hope my lack of fingers doesn't prevent the perception of my air quotes.
Summer: Can't you just turn yourself back into a human?
Pickle Rick: Great question, Summer. The unfortunate answer is I did this to challenge myself. And it could take hours or even days before I'm able to figure out how to return to human form. But, I mean, you know, your mom could put me in a purse or a pocket, you know, if she really needs me to go.
Beth: Nobody needs anything! Okay, it's fine. I mean, you should just stay here and figure out how to stop being a pickle, okay?
Morty: Hey, Rick, why is there a syringe of mysterious fluid hanging directly over you? Also, why is the string attached to it running through a pair of scissors attached to a timer? And why is the time set to 10 minutes from now, exactly when we would have left for therapy?
Pickle Rick: Well, Morty, if you know must know, the syringe is completely unrelated to this discussion, and, therefore, it does not warrant further explanation.
[Beth cuts off the syringe and takes it]
Beth: Enough. Kids, it's time to go. We don't want to be late.
[Beth puts the syringe in her purse]
Pickle Rick: W-w-what are you doing there, Beth? What are you doing there, sweetie? Beth: Well, I mean, you don't want to get pierced by a needle full of liquid unrelated to your situation. How's that gonna help?
Pickle Rick: Can't argue with that.
Beth: Great. We'll see you later.
[Beth, Summer, and Morty enter the car.]
Pickle Rick: Hey, hey, be careful with that. It's for something else. It's really important, so don't break it.
[Beth drives away with Summer and Morty. They all exit.]
Pickle Rick: Okay, I may have fucked up here. Dup, ap, ap, pap, ut, dah, pap, pap, pap, pah. T-t-tah, tah. [clicks tongue]
[Izzy walks in through the open garage door and jumps onto Rick's work bench. She sniffs around]
Pickle Rick: Oh, great. Stupid cat.
[Izzy sniffs Pickle Rick and hisses]
Pickle Rick: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! I know what it looks like to you, Izzy, but I'm not a snake! I've seen the YouTube videos, I know cats are scared of cucumbers and pickles because they think they're snakes. I'm not a snake! I'm a pickle, I'm a pickle!
[Izzy bats at Pickle Rick and knocks him off of the work bench, causing him to roll down the driveway]
Pickle Rick: Whoa! Oh! Whoa, whoa, whoa!
[Pickle Rick is directly facing the sky]
Pickle Rick: Oh, crap, that sun is bright.
[Pickle Rick begins to sweat]
Pickle Rick: Okay, come on. This can't really be the way I go out. This is the mega-genius equivalent of dying on the toilet.
[Pickle Rick starts to shrivel up]
Pickle Rick: So... hot. This is how I'm gonna die.
[Thunder can be heard and the shadow of a cloud appears overhead. It starts to rain. Pickle Rick stops shriveling]
Pickle Rick: Oh, God, moisture.
[The rain gets heavy and it begins to flood]
Pickle Rick: Oh, God, the moisture! Dial it back, God! Dial it back a little bit here!
[Pickle Rick starts rolling down the road]
Pickle Rick: Oh! Oh!
[Pickle Rick rolls towards a sewer grate]
Pickle Rick: Oh, God! Perpendicular, perpendicular!
[Pickle Rick rolls into the sewer grate and falls into the sewer]
Pickle Rick: Oh, shiiit! Oh! Oh! Oh!
[Pickle Rick hits many pipes before eventually falling onto a solid surface. There are bugs crawling around. One bug walks up to a pile of dirt. Pickle Rick bites his lip and pickle juice comes out. The bug turns around]
Pickle Rick: Come on. That's it.
[The bug walks towards Pickle Rick]
Pickle Rick: Come get this delicious brine.
[The bug is in front of Pickle Rick. Pickle Rick bites on his head and squeezes it until the bug dies.]
Pickle Rick: Aah! Come on! Come on, motherfucker! Come on!
[Pickle Rick licks off the top of the bug's head, revealing its brain. He then licks part of the brain and the bug's leg moves. He rolls onto the bug and licks its brain, moving its legs forward and moving him forward with it]
Pickle Rick: Yes!
[Transition to Beth, Summer, and Morty sitting in a waiting room outside of Dr. Wong's therapy office. Beth is reading a magazine, while Summer sits with her head resting on her fist. The door to her office reads: "Dr. WONG / FAMILY THERAPY / COPROPHRAGIA RECOVERY". There is a motivational picture of a man eating a hot dog which reads "COURAGE" underneath it.]
Summer: How is this even family therapy if Dad's not invited and Grandpa won't come?
Morty: Yeah, and what's courageous about eating a hot dog?
Beth: It's nobody's choice to be here, you knobs. The family was told to get counseling by your principal, even though it's not the family that was huffing pottery glaze in the art room and desk wetting in history class.
Mr. Goldenfold enters through Dr. Wong's door.
Mr. Goldenfold: Oh, the Smith family, minus a dad. You're patients of Dr. Wong, too? Beth: Temporarily. By order of the school.
Mr. Goldenfold: Me too. How long have you all been eating poop?
Summer: We... have never... eaten poop.
Mr. Goldenfold: Uh, me, neither. Say, where did my family get off to?
[Mr. Goldenfold exits. Dr. Wong opens her door and enters the waiting room]
Dr. Wong: Smith family, I'm Dr. Wong. Come on in.
[Beth, Summer, and Morty exit the waiting room and enter Dr. Wong's office. Dr. Wong flips the motivational image over to another motivational image of a nuclear family which reads "DEDICATION". Transition to Beth, Morty, Summer, and Dr. Wong sitting down in Dr. Wong's office.]
Dr. Wong: I was told there was a grandpa that might be joining us?
Beth: He got wrapped up in an experiment. He's a scientist. Like, legit, like on an inter-galactic, sci-fi level. His work is very --
Morty: He turned himself into a pickle.
Beth: Morty, Mom's talking. I'm sorry, I suppose that's a good segue into our little discipline cases here.
Dr. Wong: Does Grandpa turn himself into a pickle a lot?
Beth: What? No, what kind of question is that?
Dr. Wong: The kind that wasn't designed to attack or hurt you in any way.
Beth: Oh, Jesus Christ, one of these. No, my father has never turned himself into a pickle before. He's unpredictable and eccentric. The whole family is. Speaking of which...
[Beth turns towards Summer and Morty]
Dr. Wong: Okay, let's open things up to the whole family, and let me ask this. Why do we think Grandpa turned himself into a pickle?
[Beth rolls her eyes. Transition to Pickle Rick, who has attached the bug's limbs to his pickle body and has managed to use them to move. He is looking through a grate, and is rubbing the end of one of the bug arms against one of the bars]
Pickle Rick: Wow. Ugh.
[A rat appears behind the grate and starts scratching at Pickle Rick, screeching]
Pickle Rick: Hey, listen, I know this is your world not mine. The sooner I can get out, the sooner I can go back to taking big craps, and you can go back to subsisting on them.
[The rat breaks open one of the bars and continues to scratch. Pickle Rick starts to walk backwards.]
Pickle Rick: You are one driven rat. Could you be a little more driven? To the right.
[Pickle Rick scratches at a rope which is attached to a bug's arms which is holding a razor that it lets go of which is propelled upwards which breaks a rubber band which is tied to a sharp broken bottle which falls on the rat's head and chops it off, killing the rat]
[Pickle Rick picks up the rat's head]
Pickle Rick: Yes, yes, yes! Come on, come on, come on!
Pickle Rick: Fresh, fresh, fresh!
[A mischief of rats appears behind the bars, also scratching at Pickle Rick, who is not in their range.]
Pickle Rick: Whoa, whoa, whoa, was this your friend? Don't worry, he died doing what he loved, being a dumb fucking rat.
[Pickle Rick puts the rat's head onto a bottle cap which starts a machine which lifts him up and takes off his bug limbs. The machine then splits open the rat head and rips out its brain, then puts Pickle Rick down and begins nailing the rat's body parts to Pickle Rick's pickle body. It then sticks a needle into the brain which connects it to the limbs. Pickle Rick runs towards the rats and begins killing them.]
Pickle Rick: Oh, yeah! Aaaah!
[He takes out a machines on his wrists which are loaded with screws. He kills some of the rats. The screws disappear and x-acto blade pop out. He kills more rats. Transition to Dr. Wong's office.]
Beth: I didn't say my father is perfect, I said his work is important.
Summer: And she's saying what's important is that Grandpa lied to you to get out of coming here.
Beth: Oh, he did not!
Dr. Wong: Let's do an experiment here. I get the impression this family values science. So raise your hand if you feel certain you know what was in the syringe.
[No one raises their hand.]
Raise your hand if you know for certain the syringe does not contain anti-pickle serum.
[Beth begins to raise her hand but stops herself.]
Beth, your hand did a little thing there.
Beth: Do you really not see what's happening here?
Dr. Wong: Tell me.
Beth: Well, Dr. Wong -- by the way, racist name -- obviously, Morty and Summer are seizing on your arbitrary pickle obsession as an end run around what was supposed to be their therapy.
Dr. Wong: Oh, I think this pickle incident is a better path than any other to the heart of your family's dysfunction. I think it's possible that you and your father have a very specific dynamic. I don't think it's one that rewards emotion or vulnerability. I think it may punish them. I think it's possible that dynamic eroded your marriage, and is infecting your kids with a tendency to misdirect their feelings.
[A short pause]
Beth: Fuck you.
Morty and Summer, in unison: Mom!
Beth: Fuck both of you, too.
[Transition to Pickle Rick, fighting a much larger grey rat and beating it up.]
Pickle Rick: By the way, you might notice that in spite of your numerous distinctive features, I never gave you a name like Scar or Stripe or Goliath. That's because, to me, you aren't special.
[Pickle Rick pins the rat to the wall with some screws.]
Pickle Rick: You were special to rats. Now they're dead. I guess it was me you should have impressed.
[Pickle Rick slices open the rat's stomach with his x-acto blade.]
Pickle Rick: God damn it, I love myself.
[Pickle Rick walks up to a pipe above him. His wrist machines fall off and are replaced with a jet pack. He pulls a hood over his head with a rat's face on it. He turns on the jet pack and flies out of the pipe and out of a toilet.]
Pickle Rick: Pickle Riiick!
[Pickle Rick opens the door. It is a bathroom door with a "male" sign on the front. He starts running around and opening various doors and looking in. Eventually he runs up to an elevator and tries to jump up to the buttons but cannot reach them. He tries to scale the wall but fails. He pushes a garbage can and a potted plant next to each other in front of the elevator buttons. He jumps off of the garbage can into the potted plant, then jumps into the lid which turns rapidly and propels him up and swings him to the elevator buttons.]
Pickle Rick: Get that parkour. Get that parkour!
[Pickle Rick kicks the "down button", then waits on the ground for the elevator. The elevator opens, and three men in black suits with earpieces stand inside. They notice Pickle Rick and gasp.]
Pickle Rick: Hey, it's cool. Just need to find the nearest exit.
[The men in the elevator point their guns at Pickle Rick.]
Pickle Rick: Whoa, whoa, whoa! No need to freak out.
[One of the men yells something in a foreign language into his earpiece and all three men start shooting at him. He runs away and they chase after him, still shooting at him.]
Pickle Rick: Whoa! Who in the fuck's toilet is this?
[Transition to the frontal exterior of the building. It is a rather large light brown building with a stone fence and a plethora of guards surrounding it. An alarm blares. Some guards run around to the other side of the building's roof. Transition to a surveillance room where the three agents from the elevator are waiting. The Agency Director slams open the door.]
Agency Director: What is it?
Agent #1: A pickle. A rat. Both.
Agent #2: It says it's a scientist.
Agency Director: Where is it?
Agent #1: It seems to be using the air ducts and the mail tubes to get around.
[A monitor shows Pickle Rick climbing into an air duct]
It's been gathering office supplies, we think, to build weaponry. But look what it did on the mezzanine.
[The monitor shows Pickle Rick jumping from a potted plant to the trash can to the recycling bin]
It transferred a bottle from the trash to the recycling bin.
[On the monitor, Pickle Rick picks up a glass bottle from the trash can, taunts the camera with it, throws it in the recycling bin, then runs off.]
Whatever this thing is, it's shaming us.
Agency Director: We have 34 armed guards, and we can't kill a pickle?
Agent #1: 32 armed guards. He killed two.
Agent #2: It's on the phone.
[A phone rings and one of the monitors reads "INCOMING CALL".]
Agency Director: Put him on, and locate the phone he's using.
[Agent #2 picks up the phone]
Hello.
Pickle Rick: Hi, um, can you, uh (burps) please let me out.
Agency Director: Your mere presence in this building violates international law.
[Agent #1 walks up to the Agency Director with a clipboard, which reads "LEVEL 3 / ROOM 304" in red pen. He taps the clipboard. The Agency Director looks at it and nods.]
I couldn't let you out even if you hadn't killed two men.
[Transition to Pickle Rick. The bottom part of the phone he is using has been dismantled. He attaches a belt around his waist which has batteries in the back of it.
Pickle Rick: You should know those men killed themselves.
Agency Director: And how is that?
Pickle Rick: They didn't (burps) let me out.
Agent #2 Solen'ya.
Agency Director: Shut your mouth and do your jobs, you fucking children!
Pickle Rick: Uh, is this not a good time or...?
[Agent #1 holds his earpiece up to his ear. He gives a thumbs up to the Agency Director. On one of the monitors, six agents run up to the door of room 304 with rifles.]
Agency Director: Some of my men are calling you "Solen'ya": The Pickle Man, an old wives tale. He crawls from bowls of cold soup to steal the dreams of wasteful children.
[One of the agents on the monitor gives a thumbs up. The Agency Director pantomimes slicing his neck to Agent #1.]
Pickle Rick: That'd be a lucky break for you.
Agent #1: Go, shoot to kill!
[Transition to room 304. One of the agents slams open the door, knocking over a water jug above the door which activates a pulley which pulls a string which cuts another string which swings a needle towards the agent's head, killing him instantly. Two more agents enter and start to walk in, but fall through the floor onto some spikes, which kill them. The three remaining agents walk in and see this and begin shooting at a pickle which is not Pickle Rick, but a decoy. They continue to shoot at the pickle until it is completely gone.]
Agent #3: Aaah! We got him.
[Transition back to the surveillance room.]
Agency Director: Ah.
Agent #1: Ah.
[Transition back to room 304. Agent #3 turns a computer around with the tip of his gun, whose screen reads "Receiving Call / (internet line)".]
Pickle Rick: ...because this pickle doesn't care about your children. And I'm not gonna take their dreams. I'm gonna take their parents.
[Pickle Rick steps on a laptop mouse whose screen reads "Sending Call". The window which reads that is minimized and another window is pulled up which reads "Sending Explosion / ...". Transition to room 304. The computer screen now reads "Receiving Explosion / (internet line)". The laptop blows up and the three agents are sent flying. Pickle Rick jumps out of an air duct into the hallway where the three agents are, holding a device he constructed. He holds up the device and a laser comes out, which burns a hole through all three of the men's heads, killing them instantly. Three more agents come from around the corner. Pickle Rick reloads the device and shoots another laser, this time chopping off the three other agents' ankles with it. He runs away. Transition to the surveillance room. Pickle Rick shows up on each of the monitors, and turns them off as he appears on them.]
Agent #2: Solen'ya! He's coming! It's because I threw half-way my sandwich!
Agency Director: He's just a pickle!
Agent #2: He's a monster!
Agency Director: He's not the only one.
[The agency director straightens his tie. Transition to another door. The agency director uses a key card to open the door, which leads to another metal door with two guards standing next to it. He turns the wheel on the door, opening it. Jaguar sits inside.]
You can stay, dead to the world and die in this room. Or you can kill a pickle for me and earn your freedom.
Jaguar: There is no freedom while your leader breathes. Our country is a prison.
Agency Director: Then Katarina is a prisoner. Perhaps I could arrange her escape, as well. She lives, Jaguar.
Jaguar: Where is this pickle?
[Transition to Dr. Wong's office.]
Dr. Wong: What do you think is in the syringe, Beth?
Beth: You're the one that costs $200 an hour. You tell me.
Morty and Summer: Anti-pickle serum.
Dr. Wong: Your kids think it might be anti-pickle serum.
Beth: My kids pee their desks and suck on unbaked vases.
[Morty picks up a book which sits on Dr. Wong's coffee table, which he opens and reads]
They're just angry at me for divorcing their father.
Summer: I never said I was angry at you.
Beth: That's the point of pottery-enamel huffing, Summer. You do it so you don't have to say "I'm angry at mommy" out loud.
Morty: Oh, my God!
[Morty closes the book and puts it back on the coffee table, pointing at it]
Oh, there-there's pictures of people eating poop in there!
[Dr. Wong picks the book up and puts it on her lap]
Dr. Wong: It's not my job to take sides or pass judgment. Do you think when your father asks for that syringe, you could ask him --
Beth: He won't have to ask for it, okay? He won't need it. He'll just make more. He doesn't need anything from anyone.
Dr. Wong: You admire him for that.
Beth: It's better than making your problems other people's problems.
[Transition to Pickle Rick and Jaguar fighting in an office. Pickle Rick tries to shoot Jaguar with his laser while Jaguar tries to shoot at Pickle Rick with two guns. A bullet hits Pickle Rick and takes a small chunk out of him.]
Pickle Rick: Oh, come on!
[Pickle Rick hits Jaguar's shoulder with the laser, Pickle Rick hides behind a shelf while Jaguar hides behind a desk]
Jaguar: Pickle Man, you should know this isn't personal!
[Jaguar bites a bullet, and pours the gunpowder into a coffee filter]
Pickle Rick: You should know that isn't original.
[Pickle Rick kicks open a Styrofoam container with a burger inside and pulls it towards him]
They have my daughter.
[Jaguar takes a water bottle and pours the water into his open wound]
There's nothing I won't do to see her again.
Pickle Rick: Yeah, there's lots I wouldn't do to see my daughter, but killing you gets me to her quicker than your derivative bullshit.
[Pickle Rick takes a tomato slice out of the burger and squeezes it onto his missing chunk. He pulls out a packet of mustard and bites it open. Jaguar pours the gunpowder into his wound and winces. Pickle Rick rubs mustard on his missing chunk and shouts, squeezing open the mustard packet. Jaguar lights a match and puts it up to the wound, setting it on fire. Pickle Rick grabs a stapler and staples a pickle slice to his missing chunk. Both shout in unison]
Jaguar: I never bullshit, Pickle Man. This can only end with one of us dead, and I have never died.
Pickle Rick: That will be your downfall, Jaguar, not being open to new experiences.
[Transition to surveillance room. The two continue fighting. Pickle Rick's laser gradually takes out all of the cameras
Is it done? Jaguar?!
Pickle Rick: Jaguar couldn't make it.
Agency Director: Do it.
Okay, you win, Pickle Man.
I'm unsealing the building.
Pickle Rick: No, thanks. I'm coming for you now.
Agency Director: Pickle Man, there's $100 million worth of bonds in a safe on level two.
I'll give you the combination.
Agent #2: That money belongs to the people.
Agency Director: Shut up and call me a helicopter, you prick! Do we have a deal?!
Pickle Rick: Take that money, give it to Jaguar's daughter when you set her free. Or I'll be visiting you.
Agency Director: Jaguar's daughter is dead.
Pickle Rick: Huh, so you're a liar.
Agency Director: Jaguar was an animal.
You're an intelligent pickle.
We can do business.
Pickle Rick: I don't think so. See you soon.
Agency Director: Is the helicopter here?
Agent #2: Yes.
And the police are on the way.
What do we tell them? Ooh! Aah!
Agency Director: Tell them we were robbed.
Hey! Hey, what are you doing?! I'm right here! Farewell, Solen'ya.
[F-15s are scrambled.]
Jaguar: This helicopter will be shot down in seven minutes.
Pickle Rick: Well, my daughter is about five away, and I've got about eight to live.
Jaguar: Pickle Man, it's too late for me to tell my daughter I love her, but not for you.
Pickle Rick: Oh, well, uh, she knows.
Pickle Rick: I mean, we don't really buy into that kind of crap, to the extent that love is an expression of familiarity over time, my access to infinite timelines precludes the necessity of attachment.
Pickle Rick: In fact, I even abandoned one of my infinite daughters in an alternate version of earth that was taken over by mutants.
Jaguar: Okay.
Good luck with that.
Wait.
Do I have infinite daughters?
Pickle Rick: Huh? Uh, no.
Pickle Rick: No, nope, sorry about that.
Pickle Rick: Nope, just me.
Pickle Rick: Yeesh!
[Transition to Dr. Wong's office.]
Beth: I am afraid that my kids will get expelled.
Dr. Wong: Good.
Summer, you go.
Summer: I am mad that I can't huff enamel without people assuming it's because my family sucks.
I hope to be seen one day as someone that just likes getting high.
Dr. Wong: Good job.
Morty, do you have an "I" statement? I am sad that I peed.
Morty: I'm sad that I peed in class instead of a toilet.
Dr. Wong: Look at this family go.
You guys are pros.
What do you guys think about doing this once a week?
Pickle Rick: Ugh.
[Pickle Rick walks in and flops on the couch next to Summer.]
Dr. Wong: You must be Rick.
Pickle Rick: Mm-hmm.
Dr. Wong: I've heard a lot about you today.
Your family is crazy about you.
Your daughter holds you in very high regard.
You're a lucky fella.
Pickle Rick: Yeah, thank you. Uh, sweetie, you don't still happen to have that syringe in your purse?
Beth: Dad I would like you to tell me what's in the syringe.
Pickle Rick: It's a serum that I need to, uh, to stay alive.
Pickle Rick: I have had a rough day. And, uh, I've sustained a lot of damage.
Pickle Rick: I'm pretty close to death, which the serum will prevent.
Dr. Wong: By changing you from a pickle to a human.
Pickle Rick: Yes.
Dr. Wong: Rick, why did you lie to your daughter? So I wouldn't have to come here.
Pickle Rick: Why didn't you want to come here? Because I don't respect therapy, because I'm a scientist.
Pickle Rick: Because I invent, transform, create, and destroy for a living, and when I don't like something about the world, I change it.
Pickle Rick: And I don't think going to a rented office in a strip mall to listen to some agent of averageness explain which words mean which feelings has ever helped anyone do anything.
Pickle Rick: I think it's helped a lot of people get comfortable and stop panicking, which is a state of mind we value in the animals we eat, but not something I want for myself.
Pickle Rick: I'm not a cow.
Pickle Rick: I'm a pickle When I feel like it.
Pickle Rick: So you asked.
Dr. Wong: Rick, the only connection between your unquestionable intelligence and the sickness destroying your family is that everyone in your family, you included, use intelligence to justify sickness.
You seem to alternate between viewing your own mind as an unstoppable force and as an inescapable curse.
And I think it's because the only truly unapproachable concept for you is that it's your mind within your control.
You chose to come here, you chose to talk to belittle my vocation, just as you chose to become a pickle.
You are the master of your universe, and yet you are dripping with rat blood and feces.
Your enormous mind literally vegetating by your own hand.
I have no doubt that you would be bored senseless by therapy, the same way I'm bored when I brush my teeth and wipe my ass.
Because the thing about repairing, maintaining, and cleaning is it's not an adventure.
There's no way to do it so wrong you might die.
It's just work.
And the bottom line is, some people are okay going to work, and some people well, some people would rather die.
Each of us gets to choose.
That's our time.
I'm going to give you guys my card and hope to hear from you again.
And if you have any friends or family that eat poop and would like to stop, give them my number.
[Transition to Beth's car.]
Pickle Rick: I, um I'm sorry I lied to get out of the thing. I, I shouldn't lie to you.
Beth: Oh, it's fine.
I mean, thank you, and, yeah, you shouldn't.
But I hope you know that's not what that session was supposed to be.
Pickle Rick: Oh, no, I mean, I know it was Morty peeing his pants and Summer snorting glue or whatever She huffed enamel, and we never even talked about it.
Well, there was so much more at stake.
Pickle Rick: I mean, that shrink, what a monologuist.
Morty: Are we gonna go back?
Pickle Rick: Sweetie, could I get Get that syringe now?
Beth: Oh, my God, yes! Dad, it's in my purse.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You must be in agony.
Pickle Rick: Eh.
Jesus.
Jesus Christ.
Pickle Rick: Therapists, man.
Pickle Rick: Weird breed.
Pickle Rick: Man, I missed having hands and blood and a stomach.
[To Beth:] We should get a drink.
Beth: Really? Like, go somewhere? Yeah, let's drop the kids off and go tie one on.
Rick: Absolutely.
Morty: I, I liked her.
Rick: So what are you thinking, like, Smokey's Tavern? Maybe Shoney's? Yeah, either one.
Either one.
[Post credits. Transition to Concerto's death trap piano.]
Rick: You'll never get away with this, Concerto.
Concerto: That is where you're mistaken, Mr. Sanchez.
This shall be my greatest performance of all time!
Rick: This is it, Morty.
Rick: We're goners.
Rick: We're not getting out of this one.
Rick: After everything we've been through, this is how we're gonna die.
Rick: Make peace with your god.
Morty: Oh, geez, Rick, I-I-I don't want to die!
Concerto: And now for the E-splat!
[Jaguar glides in and kills Concerto.]
Rick: Jaguar!
Morty: Who? Who was that, Rick?
Rick: That, Morty, is why you don't go to therapy.
[Configure Reference Popups][Open Morty’s room]
(Morty is asleep in his bed when Rick stumbles in, obviously really drunk, and turns
on the lights.)
Rick: Morty! You gotta come on. Jus'... You gotta come with me.
Morty: *rubs his eyes* What, Rick? What’s going on?
Rick: I got a surprise for you, Morty.
Morty: It's the middle of the night. What are you talking about?
Rick: *spills booze on Morty's bed* Come on, I got a surprise for you. *drags Morty by the ankle* Come on,
hurry up.
(Rick pulls Morty out of his bed and into the hall.)
Morty: Ow! Ow! You're tugging me too hard!
Rick: We gotta go, gotta get
outta here, come on. Got a surprise for you Morty.
[Trans. Rick's ship]
(Rick drives through the night sky. Morty looks exhausted.)
Rick: What do you think of
this... flying vehicle, Morty? I built it outta stuff I found in the garage.
Morty: Yeah, Rick... I-It's great. Is this the surprise?
Rick: Morty. I had to... I had to do it. I had- I had to- I had to make a bomb, Morty. I had to create a bomb.
Morty: What?! A bomb?!
Rick: We're gonna drop it down there just get a whole fresh start, Morty.
Create a whole fresh start.
Morty: T-t-that's absolutely crazy!
Rick: Come on, Morty. Just take it easy, Morty. It's gonna be good. Right
now, we're gonna go pick up your little friend Jessica.
Morty: Jessica? From my math class?
(Rick puts an arm around Morty’s shoulders.)
Rick: When I drop the bomb you know, I want you to have somebody, you know?
I want you to have the thing. I'm gonna make it like a new Adam and Eve, and
you're gonna be Adam.
Morty: Ohhh….
Rick: And Jessica's gonna be Eve.
Morty: Whhhh-wha?
Rick: And so that's the surprise, Morty.
Morty: No, you can't! *shoves
Rick away* Jessica doesn't even know I exist! But- but, but forget about that,
because you can't blow up humanity!
Rick: I-I get what you're trying to say, Morty. Listen, I'm not... *spills beer down his shirt* You don't got… Y-You don’t gotta worry about me trying to fool around with Jessica or mess around with Jessica or anything. I'm not that kind of guy, Morty.
Morty: What are you talking about, Rick?
Rick: You- you don't have to
worry about me getting with Jessica or anything. She- sh-she- she, she, she's
all for you, Morty.
Morty: I don't care about Jessica! Y-Yyyyyyyyyyou—
Rick: You know what, Morty? You're right. *throws empty bottle into the backseat* Let's forget the girl all together. She, she's probably nothing but trouble, anyways. *presses a button*
Robot Voice: Arming neutrino bomb.
Morty: *unbuckles* That's it… that's it, Rick. I'm taking the wheel.
(Morty jumps up on Rick and starts fighting with him over control of the wheel.)
Rick: Get off of me, Morty!
(They begin to talk over each other.)
Morty: I'm taking charge of this situation, buddy! *starts kicking at his
face while grabbing the wheel* I'm put—I’m, I'm, I'm, I'm puttin’… I-I’m, I’m,
I’m not gonna stand around like some sort of dumb…dumb person and just le-let
you ruin the whole world!
Rick: (at the same time) Come on! What’s gotten into you? If you love Earth so much why don’t you marry it? *pushes Morty off of him* What are you, crazy? Alright, Alright, Morty!
(Rick manages to push Morty off of him. Morty glares at him, furious.)
Rick: Alright. I'll- I'll land. I'll land. I'll land. I'll land the thing. I’ll
land the thing. Big tough guy all of a sudden.
[Trans. Desert]
(Rick lands the cruiser in an open desert. He opens the door and tumbles out among dozens of empty alcohol cans and bottles.)
Rick: We'll park it right here, Morty. Right here on the side of the ree… road
here.
Morty: Oh, thank God.
Rick: You know what? That was all a test, Morty. Just an elaborate test to
make you more assertive.
Morty: It was?
Rick: Sure. Why not? I don’t, I don't know. Y-you know what, Mo-
(Rick falls asleep and begins snoring.)
Robot Voice: Neutrino bomb armed.
Morty: Um...
[The opening theme plays]
[Open Smith residence, dining room]
(The Smith family sits around the table eating breakfast.)
Jerry: I see there's a new episode of that singing show tonight. Who do you
guys think is gonna be the best singer?
(A very tired Morty falls asleep at the table, smashing his face into his plate.)
Summer: Oh my God, his head is in his food. I'm going to puke.
Beth: Morty, are you getting sick? (Morty lifts his head, clearly exhausted,
and wipes food from his face.) I told you not to practice-kiss the living-room
pillow. The dog sleeps on it.
Morty: I wasn't kissing a pillow, mom. I just I didn't get a lot of sleep last night. Maybe my dreams were just too loud or something.
Summer: Or maybe you were out all night again with Grandpa Rick.
Jerry: What?
Beth: Dad?
Rick: What, so everyone's supposed to sleep every single night now? You
realize that nighttime makes up half of all time?
Jerry: Damn it!
Beth: Jerry!
Jerry: Beth!
Summer: Oh my God, my parents are so loud, I want to die.
Rick: Mm, there is no God, Summer. You gotta rip that band-aid off now.
You'll thank me later.
Jerry: *glaring at Rick* Okay, with all due respect, Rick What am I talking
about? What respect is due? How is my son supposed to pass his classes if you
keep dragging him off for high-concept Sci-Fi rigamarole?
Rick: Listen, Jerry. I-I-I don't want to overstep my bounds or anything.
Rick: It's your house. It's your world. You're a real Julius Caesar but I'll tell you
Rick: something—tell you how I feel about school, Jerry. It's a waste of time. (Jerry stares incredulously at Rick.)
Rick: Buncha people running around, bumping into each
Rick: other. G-guy up front says, "two plus two." The people in the back
Rick: say, "four." Then the—then the bell rings, and they give you a carton
Rick: of milk and a piece of paper that says you can go take a dump or something. I
Rick: mean, it's not a place for smart people, Jerry. And I know that's not a popular
Rick: opinion, but it's my two cents on the issue.
(Rick wipes his mouth and gets up, stopping behind Beth and putting a hand on her shoulder.)
Rick: This was a good breakfast, Beth. You really made the crap out of those eggs. I wish your mother was here to eat them.
(Rick gives Beth a kiss and walks away. She tears up in joy.)
Beth: Oh, Dad…
Jerry: What? For real?
(Morty's face slams into his plate again.)
[Trans. Ext. Harry Herpson High School]
Mr. Goldenfold: Alright, now, everybody get settled. Get away from the windows!
[Trans. Int. Mr. Goldenfold’s class]
Mr. Goldenfold: Now, look, we're gonna be dealing with some real serious stuff today. You might have heard of it. It's called math? And without it, none of us would
even exist, so let's jump right in. Two plus two.
All classmates except Morty: Four.
(Morty, sitting in the back row, stares at Jessica, who sits in the front row, answering Jessica’s name for the questions.)
Morty: Jessica.
Mr. Goldenfold: Five plus five.
All classmates except Morty: Ten.
Morty: Jessica.
(Jessica hears Morty and looks back, confused, not sure who’s saying her name.)
Mr. Goldenfold: Okay, good. It's time for the quiz.
Class: Awwwwww.
Mr. Goldenfold: Yeah, you know what?! Aw, too bad! Tough! First row, take one. Pass it back for me. The stakes are high in this room. (Morty stares at the quiz. The numbers on the quiz jumble together as Morty falls asleep.) There's crucial things happening here every day. People getting smarter. Some of y'all getting dumber. Some of y'all ain't gonna see 3:00.
(Morty falls into a dream world filled with large number-shaped blocks. Jessica steps out from behind some of the numbers.)
Jessica: Hi, Morty.
Morty: Whoa! Hi, Jessica.
Jessica: Can I show these to you?
(Jessica opens her shirt, showing Morty her boobs.)
Morty: Wow. Th-they're both great. Thank you!
Jessica: You know what I named these? My little Morties.
Morty: *rubs the back of his neck* Uh, that's flattering… and a little weird.
Jessica: Do you know what I want you to do with them?
Morty: Rename them?
Jessica: Squeeze them. Manhandle them. Give them the business. See if you can
shuffle them. I mean, really get in there and knock them around. No wrong
answers.
Morty: Wow. Well, okay, Jessica. L-let's give this a shot.
(Morty grabs her boobs and starts fondling her.)
Jessica: Mm. Oh, Morty. What are you doing to me?
Morty: Uh, I-I'm just doing my best.
(In real life, class has ended and Morty is fondling Mr. Goldenfold.)
Mr. Goldenfold: Morty! What are you doing to me?!
Morty: *sleep talking* Ah, Jessica.
Mr. Goldenfold: Morty!
Morty: Jessica.
Mr. Goldenfold: Five more minutes of this, and I'm gonna get mad.
(Mr. Goldenfold leans back and bites his lip.)
Morty: Je-Jessica. Jessica.
Mr. Goldenfold: Not my fault this is happening.
[Trans. Hallway]
(Morty is at his locker, where he is confronted by a bully, Frank Palicky.)
Frank: Well, well, well.
Morty; Uh, morning, Frank.
(Frank pins Morty to his locker.)
Frank: "Morning"? What was what is that supposed to mean? You making fun of me? Are you trying to say my family's poor?
(Frank takes out a pocket knife and points it at Morty's neck.)
Morty: Oh, geez, Frank. I don't know if a knife is necessary. I mean, you know, y-you kind of had things handled without it.
Frank: You telling me how to bully now? Big mistake, Morty and now I'm gonna cut you, 'cause my family's rich.
(Frank suddenly freezes and Rick steps out from behind him.)
Rick: There you are, Morty. Listen to me. I got an errand to run in a whole different dimension. I need an extra pair of hands.
Morty: Oh, geez, Rick. W-w-what'd you do to Frank?
Rick: It's pretty obvious, Morty. I froze him. Now listen I need your help, Morty. I mean, we got we got to get get the hell out of here and go take care of business. (Belch) It's important. Come on, Morty.
Morty: I don't know, Rick. I can't leave school again.
Rick: Do you have any concept of how much higher the stakes get out there, Morty? What do you think I can just do it all by myself? Come on!
Morty: Aw, geez. Okay. I guess I can skip history. What about Frank? I mean, shouldn't you unfreeze him?
Rick: I'll do it later, Morty. He'll be fine. Let's go.
(Rick takes off with Morty and then Summer comes by, seeing Frank's frozen body)
Summer (In her head): Oh, my God. I'm about to walk past Frank Palicky. This is the story we'll be telling our children.
(Summer, oblivious to the fact that he's frozen, apparently, walks up to Frank and talks to him)
Summer: Hi, Frank.
(Frank's frozen foot breaks and he drops to the ground and shatters into a million pieces, dying)
Summer: AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!
(Beth is at the Horse Hospital, performing heart surgery on a horse with Davin)
Beth: Scalpel.
Davin: Scalpel.
(Jerry enters the room)
Jerry: Knock, knock.
Beth: Jerry?
Jerry: My manager gave me an hour for lunch, and I thought, "hey, why not swing by where your wife works?"
(The heart rate for the horse starts beeping really fast)
Tom (Offscreen): We're losing him.
(Beth adjusts the horse's organs)
Tom (Offscreen): Okay, he's back.
Beth: Jerry, please tell me you're here for an incredibly urgent reason.
Jerry: Well, it's lunch. I mean, it's one of three meals that have existed for millennia.
(The heart rate starts beeping again)
Tom (Offscreen): Losing him.
(Beth adjusts the organs again)
Tom (Offscreen): Stabilized.
Beth: Okay, I only ask, Jerry, because, as you know, my job involves performing heart surgery.
Jerry: Well, yeah, on horses.
Beth (Angry): Excuse me?
Jerry (Scared): Okay, Let's not rehash that fight. (Normal) I sense that you're busy and will now be on my way.
(Jerry drops a pamphlet on the ground)
Jerry (Poorly Acting): Whoa! What is this on the floor? Some kind of literature for a really nice-looking nursing home. Hey, honey, crazy idea bad pitch let's put your dad here.(Straight out serious) Let's put your dad in a nursing home.
(Beth looks at Jerry extremely angry at him and the heart hate starts beeping again)
Tom (Offscreen): We're losing him.
Beth: Hey, Tom! We know when we're losing him. (At the top of her lungs) WE CAN HEAR THE BEEPS!
(Rick and Morty are in an alley and Rick uses his portal gun to open a portal)
Rick: There she is. All right. Come on, Morty. Let's go.
Morty: Oh, geez, okay.
(Rick and Morty go through the portal and end up an a crazy alternate dimension)
Morty: Oh, man, Rick. What is this place?
Rick: It's Dimension 35-C, and it's got the perfect climate conditions for a special type of tree, Morty, called a mega tree, and there's fruit in those trees, and there's seeds in those fruits. I'm talking about mega seeds. They're they're incredibly powerful, and I need them to help me with my research, Morty.
Morty: Oh, man, Rick. I'm looking around this place, and I'm starting to work up some anxiety about this whole thing.
Rick: All right, all right, calm down. Listen to me, Morty. I know that new situations can be intimidating. You're looking around, and it's all scary and different, but, you know, m-meeting them head on, charging right into them like a bull that's how we grow as people. I'm no stranger to scary situations. I deal with them all the time. Now, if you just stick with me, Morty, we're gonna be-
(A gigantic alien monster suddenly appears behind them)
Rick (Terrified): HOLY CRAP, MORTY RUN!!!
(Rick and Morty take off, running in complete and total fear as the monster chases them)
Rick: I never seen that thing before in my life. I don't even know what the hell it is! We got to get out of here, Morty! It's gonna kill us! We're gonna die! We're gonna die, Morty!
(Screen cuts to black for the intermission break)
(Having apparently escaped, Rick and Morty are walking through Dimension 35-C, continuing their adventure)
Rick: Oh, Morty, take a deep breath. Breathe that breathe that fresh air in, Morty. Y-you smell that? That's the smell of adventure, Morty. That's that's the smell of of of of a whole different evolutionary timeline.
Morty: All right, Rick, look how much longer is this gonna be? Shouldn't I be back at school by now?
Rick: Are you joking me? I mean, look at all the crazy crap surrounding us. Look at that thing right there.
(A weird looking monster is seen cooing and rolling around on the ground)
What the hell is that thing? You think you're gonna see that kind of thing at school? (Offscreen) Look at it just lumbering around.
Rick: It defies all logic, that thing.
Morty: Yeah, Rick, I get it. We're surrounded by monsters. That's kind of the reason why I want to leave.
(They come up to a cliff and Rick stops him there)
Rick: Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta. Morty, you see this?
(Rick and Morty are looking down upon a vast forest of interdimensional trees)
Rick: You see what we just stumbled upon, Morty? Any idea what that is down there?
Morty: The mega trees?
Rick: That's right, Morty the mega trees with the mega fruit on them and that's what I'm talking about, Morty. That's where my seeds are. If we would have done what you wanted, I would have never have found them, because you're so in love with school.
Morty: All right, all right. So, what's so special about these seeds, anyways?
Rick: You ask a lot of questions, Morty. Not very charismatic. It makes you kind of an (Belch) Under (Belch) underfoot figure.
(Rick gives Morty a pair of shoes and Morty proceeds to put them on)
Rick: Just take these shoes, Morty. They're (Belch) special grappling shoes. When you're wearing these things, these babies, you can basically just walk on any surface you want, Morty up, down, below, turn around to the left. These things really bring it all together.
(Morty walks off the cliff and plummets to the ground, screaming and smashing into rocks)
Morty: AAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!!
Rick: You have to turn them on, Morty! The shoes have to be turned on!
(During Beth's break, back at the hospital, Jerry and Beth are in Beth's office, arguing)
Beth: I am not putting my father in a home! He just came back into my life, and you want to grab him and stuff him under a mattress like last month's Victoria's secret?
Jerry: I told you I was ordering you something for Valentine's day. More importantly, your father is a horrible influence on our son.
(Davin shows up at the door and starts hitting on Beth)
Davin: Everything cool in here, Beth?
Beth: It's fine, Davin.
Davin: Okay, cool. You know, we did something great today. There's nothing more noble and free than the heart of a horse.
(Jerry closes the door on Davin)
Jerry: Since we're fighting, if you ever have an affair with that guy, I will come to the hotel room and blow my brains out all over your naked bodies.
Beth: Look, I appreciate the stress you're under, but Morty was having trouble in school way before my dad moved in, and the only influence I can see Rick having is that, for the first time in his life, Morty has a friend.
(The phone starts ringing)
Jerry (Sad): (Sigh) Well, maybe you're right.
Beth: Uh, yeah, maybe I am. I'm my father's daughter. I'm smart. Why do you think I'm a heart surgeon?
Jerry: (Cough) Ahem, Horse heart surgeon.
(Beth answers the phone and gets a call from Morty's principal, Gene Vagina)
Principal Vagina: Hello? Mrs. Smith? This is principal Vagina, no relation. I wonder if you and Morty's father might be able to have a chat with me this afternoon?
(Rick is standing by Morty, who is lying on the ground and his legs are broken)
Rick: Morty, oh, you really d-did a number on (Offscreen) your legs right now. You know, you got to turn (Onscreen) the shoes on, Morty, for them to work. Yeah, look I turned mine on. I had no problem getting down here. It was a leisurely breeze.
Morty: I'm in a lot of pain, Rick!
Rick: Yeah, I can see that. But do you think you'll still be able to help me collect my seeds, Morty?
Morty (Angry): Are you kidding me?! That's it, Rick! That's the last straw! I can't believe this! I'm sitting here with both of my legs broken, and you're still asking me about getting those seeds?! Ooh! Ow! Oh! Y-y-you're a monster. Y-you're like Hitler, but but even Hitler cared about Germany or something.
Rick: Okay, hold on just a second, Morty.
(Rick opens another portal and leaves Morty behind, lying on the ground to suffer for a few seconds)
Morty: Ooh! Ohh! Ooh! Hnngh! Hoo! Ooh! Ohh! Aaaaagh! Oooooh!
(Rick finally returns and injects Morty's legs with medicine, healing them to perfection)
Morty (Happy): Ooh, Ohh, Ooh. Wow, Rick. That stuff just healed my broken legs instantly. I mean, I've never felt so good in my life. Thank you.
Rick: Don't worry about it, Morty. Just come help me get these seeds, all right, buddy? Morty: Sure thing, Rick.
(Morty goes up the tree and gets the Mega fruit while Rick talks to him)
Rick: Not that you asked, Morty, but what just happened there is I went into a future dimension with such advanced medicine that they had broken-leg serum at every corner drugstore. (Offscreen) The stuff was all over the place, Morty.
Morty: Wow, that's pretty crazy, Rick.
Rick: There's just one problem, Morty one little hang-up. The dimension I visited was so advanced, that (Belch) they had also halted the aging process, and everyone there was young, Morty, and they had been forever. I was the only old person there, Morty. (Belch) It was like I was some sort of, you know, celebrity, walking around. I-I was fascinating to them. There were a lot of attractive women there, Morty, and they they they they all wanted time with me. I had a lot of fun with a lot of young ladies, but I spent so much time there, my interdimensional portal device it's got no charge left, Morty. It's got no charge left.
Morty: What?!
Rick: It's as good as garbage, Morty. It's not gonna work anymore, Morty.
Morty: Oh, geez, Rick, that's not good. W-what are we gonna do? I-I have to be back at school right now. How are we gonna get back home?
Rick: There's ways to get back home, Morty. It's just it's just gonna be a little bit of a hassle. We're gonna have to go through interdimensional customs, so you're gonna have to do me a real solid.
Morty: Uh-oh.
Rick: When we get to customs, I'm gonna need you to take these seeds into the bathroom, and I'm gonna need you to put them way up inside your butthole, Morty.
Morty: In my butt?
Rick: Put them way up inside there, as far as they can fit.
Morty: Oh, geez, Rick. I really don't want to have to do that.
Rick: Well, somebody's got to do it, Morty. Th-these seeds aren't gonna get through customs unless they're in someone's rectum, Morty
Morty: Uuuh.
Rick: And they'll fall right out of mine. I've done this too many times, Morty. I mean, you're young. Y-y-you've got your whole life ahead of you, and your anal cavity is still taut, yet malleable. You got to do it for grandpa, Morty. Y(Belch)-you've got to put these seeds inside your butt.
Morty: In my butt?
Rick: Come on, Morty. Please, Morty. You have to do it, Morty.
Morty: Oh, man.
(Beth and Jerry are at Morty's school, walking down the hallway with Principal Vagina)
Principal Vagina: The fact is, your son, Morty, has attended this school for a total of seven hours over the last two months.
Beth: What? Why didn't you notify us?
Principal Vagina: I done been notifying you. Have you not been getting the messages I've been leaving with Morty's grandfather?
Jerry: Boom! Told you! In your face! He is ruining our child! Wait, what am I celebrating?
Principal Vagina: Yeah, see, I thought something was fishy there, because it's usually Morty's grandpa that's taking him out of school.
(They stop to see Summer and some other students, crying at an obituary for Frank)
Beth: Summer?
Summer (Crying): What kind of God lets this happen?
Principal Vagina: We had a little incident. A student was frozen to death. (Chuckles) And there's no evidence that a Latino student did it! Everyone wants to take this to a racial place. I won't let them.
(Morty is exiting the bathroom at Intergalactic Customs, and passes by a bunch of aliens)
Announcer: The glarp zone is for flarping and unglarping only.
Alien: So, I told him, "give me the blimfarx," you know? This this guy he doesn't understand interstellar currency.
Alien: It's, like, I'm trying to eat a flimflam like, that's what we eat on Girvonesk.
Announcer: The glarp zone is for flarping and unglarping only.
(Morty comes up to Rick, who is waiting in line to get through security)
Rick: I don't like it here, Morty. I can't abide bureaucracy. I don't like being told where to go and what to do. I consider it a violation. Did you get those seeds all the way up your butt?
Morty: Yeah, Rick. Let's just get this over with, okay? I mean, these things are pointy.
They hurt.
Rick: That means they're good ones. You're a good kid, Morty. Those mega seeds are super valuable to my work. You've been a huge help to me. I'm gonna be able to do a-(Belch)-all kind of things with them. It's gonna be great, Morty. A-(Belch)-all kinds of science.
(The aliens are going through security with a Gromflomite, letting them through)
Gromflomite: Okay, next through. (Stops Morty) Except you. You go over there.
Rick: Why does he have to go over there?
Gromflomite: Random check. He's got to go through the new machine.
Rick: What new (Belch) what new machine?
Gromflomite: It's a new machine. It detects stuff all the way up your butt.
Rick: Run, Morty! Run!
(Rick grabs Morty and they run through security and dart for the exit)
Morty: Aaaaaah!
Gromfomite: Red alert!
(A team of Gromflomites start chasing after Rick and Morty)
Morty: Ohhhhh!
(Rick pushes over a giant capsule, with an alien fetus over, smashing some gromflomites, to slow them down)
Morty: Ohhhhhh!
(An alien is seen smoking a hookah and Morty runs past him and accidentally inhales the smoke from the hookah while Rick comes from behind and slaps the alien in the face, causing the alien to cry. Morty then coughs up a life form from the smoke and the lifeform starts running through the glarp zone and goes through the entire aging process from developing fetus to decomposing corpse, over the course of three seconds)
Morty (Horrified): Aaaaah!
Rick: Don't think about it!
(Rick and Morty become cornered but Morty activates the grappling shoes and runs up the wall with Rick)
Rick: Ooh! Oh, nice, Morty! The student becomes the teacher.
(The Gromflomites reveal that they can fly and then Rick and Morty start running away)
Morty: Whoooooo!
(Rick and Morty run through the equipment on the ceiling, before they slip off to the ground)
Alien: Aah! Aw, hell, no, dawg. You know me I'm just trying to-
(Rick and Morty crash to the ground and the alien dies. They then run to the portal computer)
Rick: I need to type in the coordinates to our home world, Morty. Cover me.
(Rick tosses Morty a gun)
Morty: Oh, man. I mean, you know, I-I don't want to shoot nobody.
Rick: They're just robots, Morty! It's okay to shoot them! They're robots!
(Morty shoots a Glenn, blowing his leg off, and making blood gush out as he drops down in pain)
Glenn: Aaaaah! My leg is shot off!
Other Gromflomite: Glenn's bleeding to death! Someone call his wife and children!
Morty: They're not robots, Rick!
Rick: It's a figure of speech, Morty. They're bureaucrats. I don't respect them. Just keep shooting, Morty. You have no idea what prison is like here!
(Morty continues shooting up the Gromflomites and even kills some innocent bystanders while Rick hacks into the portal to take them back home)
Morty: Holy crap! This is insane!
(Rick opens the portal and takes Morty in with him)
Rick: Come on, Morty! We got to get the hell out of here!
(The portal opens up in the lunchroom at school and Rick and Morty land on the table where Jessica and her friends are eating)
Jessica: Wow. Did you just come into the cafeteria through a portal?
Morty (Nervous): Uh, yeah. Well, you know, my my Ferrari's in the shop. (Nervously Laughs) Just kidding.
Jessica: You're Morty, right?
Morty (Happy): Yeah.
(Rick grabs Morty and takes him way)
Rick: You can get his number later. Come on, Morty. We got to get out of here. You got to get those seeds out of your ass.
(Rick and Morty are stopped by Jerry, Beth, and Principal Vagina)
Jerry (Angry): Oh, look, honey. It's our son with Albert Ein-douche.
Beth (Confused): What?
Jerry (Put off): I'm an angry father, not an improvisor.
Rick: Oh, hi, Jerry. (Poorly acting) Oh, my goodness, Morty! What are you doing out of class? We talked about this. Your your parents and I are very disappointed in in this behavior ... No? No takers?
(Rick and Morty are back at home in the garage while Jerry and Beth start taking all his things and packing them up so he can move to the nursing home)
Rick: You guys should really not be touching that stuff. It's beyond your reasoning.
Jerry (Angry): You're beyond our reasoning!
Rick: Takes one to know one.
Beth (Angry and Disappointed): Dad, how could you make my son miss an entire semester of school? I mean, it's not like he's a hot girl. He can't just bail on his life and set up shop in someone else's.
Rick: What what are you guys doing with my stuff?
Beth: We're moving you to a nursing home.
Rick: A nursing home? What are what are you, nuts? I'm a genius. I build robots for fun.
Jerry: Well, now you can build baskets and watch Paul Newman movies on VHS and mentally scar the boy scouts every Christmas.
Beth (Confused): What does that mean?
Jerry (Put off): It's personal.
Morty: Dad, mom, come on. Rick just needed my help is all.
Jerry: Morty, stay out of this. You are obviously not capable of judging these situations on your own.
Rick: What are you trying to say about Morty? That he's stupid or something?
Beth: Oh, don't high-road us, dad. You know fully well that Morty is the last child that needs to be missing classes.
Rick: I-I-I don't know what you mean by that. Can can can you be a little bit more specific?
Jerry: Oh, for crying out- he's got some kind of disability or something. Is that what you want us to say?
Morty: I do?
Jerry: Well, duh doy, son. Look, I love you, Morty, but we both know you're not as fast as the other kids, and if you want to compete in this world, you got to work twice as hard.
Morty: Aw, geez, dad. Y-you know, that's a lot to drop on a kid all at once.
Rick: Morty, t-tell your parents the square root of pi.
Morty: Oh, come on, Rick. You know I can't.
Rick: The square root of pi, Morty. Go!
Morty: 1.77245385... Whoa!
Beth: What the hell?
Jerry: Holy crap. He's right.
Rick: Morty, tell your parents the first law of Thermodynamics.
Morty: "The increment in the internal energy of a system is equal to the increment of heat supplied to the system." Wow! I'm so smart!
Jerry: But-
Rick: I told the both of you school is stupid. It's not how you learn things. Morty's a gifted child. He has a special mind. That's why he's my little helper. He's like me. He's gonna be doing great science stuff later in his life. He's too smart for school. He needs to keep hanging out and helping me.
Beth: Jerry, I don't want whatever's happening here to stop.
Jerry: No, I-I understand. Uh, maybe we overreacted. But he has to keep going to school.
Rick: Okay, Jerry. You drive a hard bargain, but what am I supposed to do? Say no? You you really wear the pants around here. I just want you to know, between us, from now on, it's gonna be clear communication.
(Summer buts in, crying over the death of Frank)
Summer (In Tears): Frank Palicky was frozen to death today!
Rick: No idea what you're talking about.
(Summer leaves, crying)
Jerry: Okay. Well, uh, Morty, it's your bedtime in an hour. Don't stay up all night again. This is good, though. This can work. I think we can be a family and now, Beth, if you'll have me, I would love to have you.
Beth: You know what? Okay.
(Beth and Jerry leave)
Morty: Holy cow, Rick. I didn't know hanging out with you was making me smarter.
Rick: Full disclosure, Morty it's not. Temporary superintelligence is just a side effect of the mega seeds dissolving in your rectal cavity.
Morty: Aw, man.
Rick: Yeah, and once those seeds wear off, you're gonna lose most of your motor skills, and you're also gonna lose a significant amount of brain functionality for 72 hours, Morty.
Starting right about now.
Morty: Ohh, man. (Losing consciousness) Oh, geez! Ohh.
(Morty drops to the ground and starts moaning as he has a seizure)
Rick: I'm sorry, Morty. It's a bummer. In reality, you're as dumb as they come and I needed those seeds real bad, and I had to give them up just to get your parents off my back, so now we're gonna have to go get more
(While Morty has a seizure, Rick excitedly looks down upon him, telling him about their future adventures)
Rick (Excitedly): And then we're gonna go on even more adventures after that, Morty and you're gonna keep your mouth shut about it, Morty, because the world is full of idiots that don't understand what's important, and they'll tear us apart, Morty but if you stick with me, I'm gonna accomplish great things, Morty, and you're gonna be part of them, and together, we're gonna run around, Morty. We're gonna do all kinds of wonderful things, Morty. Just you and me, Morty. The outside world is our enemy, Morty. We're the only friends we've got, Morty. It's just Rick and Morty. Rick and Morty and their adventures, Morty. Rick and Morty forever and forever. Morty's things. Me and Rick and Morty running around, and Rick and Morty time. All day long, forever. All a hundred days. Rick and Morty forever 100 times. Over and over, rickandmortyadventures.com. All 100 years. Every minute, rickandmorty.com.
(The garage door closes and the episode ends)
[Configure Reference Popups]1 So, Jessica, I heard you broke up with Brad. Who are you gonna date now that you can date anyone? I don't know. I mean, obviously if someone special comes along B-But I mean really special, like, nothing I've even remotely considered in the past. Holy shit, holy shit, holy shit. I want that kind of love like that docking kind of love. Oh, yeah. Like, penis in the foreskin kind of love Mm-hmm just, like, warm, just like He Everybody [bleep] off.
Rick: Morty, I need your help. W-W-W-We We need to go on a quick adventure.
You said I could go to school today.
Rick: That was before I needed something, Morty. There's a plasma shard in the Abadango Cluster. A princess has it. If I get it, I'll be awesome.
We've been going non-stop, Rick. It's not healthy. You know, these are my teenage years. I-I just found out Jessica's single.
Rick: Oh, that's Wow, Morty. Wow. What an exciting life you lead. Let's go. In and out, 20 minutes adventure.
Rick: They're on our tail! Steady, Morty. Five cetons. Steady, God damn it! Two cetons. Wha! Fire! Pull up, Morty, pull up! Pull up!
[ Bleep ] Oh, [Bleep] [ Bleep ] Ahh! Ahh! I can't [bleep] do this anymore!
Rick: That was seriously [bleep] up. We almost died.
So you agree?
Rick: [Bleep] yes! That w T-This was insane! That was pure luck. I was not in control of that situation at all. Look at this, Morty. Look at my [bleep] hand. Look at this shit.
 Why do you keep doing this to us?!
Rick: I don't know, Morty. Maybe I hate myself, maybe I think I deserve to die. I-I-I-I don't I don't know! We need a vacation.
Rick: Isn't that something? You were right Best day spa in the galaxy. It's not even cruel, either. These things are just doing what they do in the wild It loves swallowing stressed-out creatures for 20 minutes and then puking them up.
My whole body's like a baby's ass. Complimentary psychological detox? Removes all your cognitive toxins, purifies your system.
Rick: Oof, this guy on commission or something? I don't think Are you on commission?
We're not on commission. We get paid by the hour. There's no incentive really
Rick: Oh, my God. Okay, listen W-W-W-We'll try the machine, but but I'd like you to try something. Try swallowing the giant ball of snot that's dangling around in the back of your throat. It's disgusting. Nobody wants to hear that. That's what you do.
 Okay, Rick, come on. Enough.
Rick: Man, did you hear me bite that guy's head off? Geez, I really need to chill.
 Maybe you should go through twice.
Rick: All right, mister comedy man, you don't have to bust my balls. You're not helping things.
Rick, is this thing supposed to be making this Morty! - Ri-Rick - Morty! What happened?
Rick: We blew up, idiot! Are you really that stupid? Obviously the guy I yelled at overloaded the machine. It takes more than that to kill Rick and Morty, mother[bleep]! But this might do it. Run, Morty!
E-Everything hurts!
Rick: That's because you're worthless! Jesus, how big was this explosion? I'm a genius. I don't have time for this [bleep].
 W-W-We're in Hell, aren't we, Rick? -
Rick: You're so stupid, Morty. - You're an idiot. There's no such thing as Hell.
I believe you, but I just want to die.
Rick: You can die when I say so. I control you. I control the universe! Why am I bragging about that? I have nothing to prove. I'm surrounded by inferior pieces of [bleep] and Toxins. We're not in Hell, Morty. We're in the detoxifier. The machine didn't blow up. It worked normally. It removed our toxins. We're the toxins. Are you listening, you stupid little garbage person?! We're what got removed!!
I hope you both found that detox sufficiently relaxing.
Rick: Hey, man, listen Those comments I made about your throat?
It's all good.
Rick: It's nice of you to let me off the hook. It's still unacceptable behavior, and I do regret it.
Believe me, man, I've been working here a long time. I get it. Hey, uh, you mind if I put on some music? Not at all. Grab my terrifolds
Rick: What is that?
 I just hit shuffle. Are you kidding? - This universe. - Oh, excuse me. We should listen to one random song a day, you know? We'd end up hearing more songs we didn't like, but we'd discover a lot more that we did.
Rick: That is an interesting concept. You know, it makes me wonder if there's an algorithmic expression that could achieve the ideal ratio. Listen to me Trying to calculate happiness over here.
Hoo, if anyone could, Rick.
Rick: Hey, here's something no science could measure I'm real proud to be your grandpa, Morty.
Thanks, Rick. I love you.
Rick: Yeah, mother[bleep]! Yeah! Get it! Get some! Right up your [bleep] bitch ass, you [bleep]! Guess who just discovered a new element?! You think you could do that, Morty? You think anyone but me could do that ever in a billion years? Do you think if God existed he could do it? The answer is no. If God exists, it's [bleep] me.
Yes, Rick. I-I agree, Rick.
Rick: While you were flapping your parasitic turd holster, I discovered the toxic equivalent of electricity, Morty. What do you think about that?
Uh I th I think my voice is annoying.
Rick: It is, and it's your best quality.
So true. Now, who can tell me the common denominator of these two factions? You don't know or y'all just bored? Hey, listen, you know, wha If we're all bored over here, wouldn't the common denominator be you? Damn, Morty. That's hilarious. Normally I would come down on any kind of disruption, but it seems to represent a positive change for your character. Class dismissed! - Awesome, Morty! - You done good, Morty. Oh, yeah! Thanks for the advice, Morty. You got it. I did it, Morty! I knew you could. Hey, Morty, remember yesterday when I couldn't play the trombone? Well, check this out! Just like I told you, Mitch The music was in your heart the whole time. Stupid hat Wish I had the courage to just be myself. There you are. You might have all these idiots fooled, but I know you're still the same pathetic loser hiding behind a confident facade. I know that because I'm doing the same thing, brother. I'm not alone anymore! Hey, Morty. Word around school is you've become super healthy. I don't know about all that. I do, however, know that I have a pretty bad case of haven't taken you to dinner-itis. Might be fatal.
Rick: Hey, kids. Uh, hope I'm not interrupting. Morty, a moment of your time?
Happy to help, Rick.
Rick: I hate to bug you with this, but after our morning hike I started receiving very faint, highly unusual transmissions on my sub ether phone. Listen.
It's a bad phone. Chuck it. I downgraded to a clamshell for emergencies only. You know, if if if something's worth saying, I-it's worth eye contact.
Rick: Uh, I-I-I traced the source of the call back to the spa we went to, Morty. I thought I could hear a voice in there, so I enhanced it, a-and listen.
Rick: Hey, asshole! Oh, man! Remember us? Oh, I don't like confrontation! You [bleep] us, you pieces of garbage! That's right, you're [bleep] garbage, not us. I'm a [bleep] genius and a god. You really think this thing can hold me? I'm gonna rip your throat Morty, what if the toxic parts of us have their own identities, their own will to live? W-What if mine shares my intelligence and devised a way to reach out to us?
Sounds like he's in a lot of pain. Lot. O. Pain. But, you know, you shouldn't have to deal with that, man. You know, l-let's work off your trauma with some urban spin yoga. It's amazing. You do yoga on a bike, but you have an at-risk preteen
Rick: I don't think I can just blow this off, Morty. If I had known it worked this way, I wouldn't have detoxed. Well, I would have because I was toxic. Now I'm detoxed and I'm accountable to my toxins, right? I-It's a dilemma. I think I know what to do.
Morty! Rick! You know, the only problem here is a big fat brain that misses eating all them big fat problems. Focus on the good thing. Trust me, things are good. Taking that away from me that wouldn't be healthy. Oh, man. World's Greatest Grandpa, for reals. It's not just a coffee cup for you, bud. You're legit. I love drums. I never took drum lessons. Why? Limitations. We are addicted to our own limitations. How amazing is that? Is the kale prepared in the kitchen? I'll have a water. Uh How is the "cru-dite?" CruditÃ©. It's a cup of carrot sticks. Ha! It's okay! Pronounce it however you want. Words are just things. Please. Thank you. We're having a conversation. God, I am so excited to finally have dinner with you. You know how long I've been waiting for this? It's like, whew! I-I-I wish you'd shut up, though. Just kidding. You know, you're so quiet. What's wrong? W-Why don't you tell me about yourself? What's the atmosphere like on planet Jessica? Where's the equator, what are the vacations, a-and the holidays? I mean, you know, are they the same time? Talk to me. Well I like this restaurant. Holy [bleep]! Holy [bleep]! We have a moron over here! I'm an idiot. I can't believe I haven't thought of this. You have to do this detox thing I did. It's an alien spa, you go through it, fwoos-s-s-ssh, lasers, bwaa-bwaa-bwaa sucks everything out. Everything that was holding me back, everything bad, I mean, it just Right? Cooooool. Oh, my God! I can't believe this. Yeah, phones are awful, I downgraded to I totally forgot my I have a thing, and Things are good. You know what? Why am I doing that? That's more rude than the truth. Look, I'm sorry, Morty. I just don't think Do not. Even. You have no need to explain. It's all good. I think you'd get bored with me. E-Exactly. Look, the sparks aren't flying. This is what dating is for, you know? First date, no sparks. No damage, no worries. Life is a highway. We're gonna ride it all night lonnngg! Gonna eat some "crudite. " Mmm! Is this organic? Mmm. All right. You know, the evening continues. Okay, here we go. Ma'am, I'm afraid I have some bad news for you. Your money's no good here. I'll I'll get the next round, sir. Aren't you a child? Only in the ways that matter. Morty. Stacy. I've been watching you drink, Stacy. I get the feeling you've got a hard job. I wonder what it takes to please you. That's the job I want Part time, full time, I want to be good at it, bad at it, I want to get promoted, fired, corner office, hostile takeover, workplace accident I'm on my knees, Stacy Praying, worshipping, begging, whatever you want. What do you think about that? Okay. [Bleep] it. Tink. Mm! Let's ask my grandpa. He's a scientist. Hey, Rick, are you familiar with "benoi" technology?
Rick: Morty, great news. I went back to the spa and they let me purchase the containment unit from their detoxifier.
Why?
Rick: Because we're coming home, bitch!
What is this?
Rick: This is the parts of your pussy grandpa that keep it real. Oh oh, and I think you dropped something, too!
I don't want to be on camera. I'm ugly and gross, please. Should I go? You're your own person, Stacy. Then I'd like to stay. Rick, please tell me you're not trying to put that stuff back inside of us.
Rick: Morty, I'm sorry. That stuff is alive and it belongs with us. We yanked them from their homes and locked them in a can. Mother[bleep]! See? They're living in pain.
That's what they do, Rick, they live in pain. They are pain, you know? They they're all the bad parts of us, which, by the way, includes our dishonesty, so how do you know this isn't all some sort of crazy trick?
Rick: Oh, so now because I'm made entirely of toxins I'm also a liar? [Bleep] you, you little sociopath. You hear this, Morty?
Oh, everybody hates me. I can tell. Y-You all hate me
Rick: All right, shut up, Morty. Healthy Rick, are we doing this or what? Yep. Sorry, Morty. I need you to step into the booth. Don't negotiate with that little turd, dummy. You're the Rick. You need to show dominance. Morty, booth, now. Booth! Come on, Morty.
Don't touch me!
Rick: Morty, do the healthy thing and voluntarily retoxify yourself.
Nooooo! Is it wrong if I think this is kind of hot? Let me out of here! Stacy, help! Open the door! I need to hear our safe word, Morty. Sea Cucumber! Sea Cucumber! What are you doing? I'll do anything for you, Morty. No!
Rick: It worked! Yes! That idiot believed every word. Now let's see how he enjoys living in that shit tank. He's right behind me, isn't he?
He's in front of you. Oh. My eyes are still adjusting. Uh, is this like a sex dungeon? I guess I should've been paying attention.
Rick: After 70 years of being bottled up inside a sentimental jackass, I finally get to live my own life. You said we were merging. I lied, dumbass! I lie about everything! Why would I ever re-merge with a pussy like you? So you were just gonna trap us in that tank? T-That was your plan? Not was, mother[bleep] still is.
Kill him, Rick! I don't like this! This is scary!
Rick: All right, you asked for it. Did I ask for this? Did I ask for this? Huh? Did I? Assessing threat to groin. Groin System 6000. Kill him! That is my groin's user. Believe me, I got a lot more use out of that thing than he ever did.
You know what? Not my table. You do know me. What the hell, Grandpa Rick?
Rick: [Bleep] you, Summer! Sorry, Summer! Okay, okay, take it easy. Don't do it. I love you. Good boy. Daddy's little boy. Summer, get out of here! Go! Oh, who's that? Who's that over there? Oh, no. You see the bad man in front of you? You're a good little boy, you're gonna get him. You're gonna get him. Ahh! Son of a Ahh! Nice try, asshole. We can resolve our issues. We don't need to resort to over-the-top Aah!
I-I did it, Rick. I got the tank! I-I'm a piece of [bleep], but I got the tank!
Rick: You're going in that tank, mother[bleep]. You're gonna live in that toxic [bleep] wasteland like I had to do! Ahh! Ow! That's right, mother You're going in that [bleep]
Dads?
Rick: Okay, just Just leave her out of it.
What's going on?
Rick: All right, [bleep] this. Time for plan B If I can't trap you in a toxic world, I'll just make the whole world toxic. It's okay, girls. I-I'm so sorry I put us in danger with some of my behavior. I-If you'd like I can go out in the g-garden, pick some fresh basil, and make us a nice Scallopini.
What did the booger version of you mean when he said he was going to make the whole world toxic?
Rick: Believe me, sweetie, that man's motivations are a mystery.
Screw that, Rick. We got to stop him. What's the last thing you'd think about doing with that tank thing?
Rick: Morty, I appreciate what you're trying to do, but it's not our place, you know, to pick and choose which world gets saved from what apocalypse. Our our toxins have as much a right to their worldview as Morty, how is it healthy to slap me?
Obviously my version of health is a hell of a lot different from yours, you useless old turd. Wait. That's it. How could that detox machine know the difference between healthy and sick for everything that goes through it? It can't. It must be by the individual's own definition of toxicity. That means Dad! What the What the hell, Rick? I'll explain on the way.
Rick: This "Moon Tower," Morty, is the perfect height and metallic composition for the amplification and beaming of toxic energies. What do you think about that, Morty? Are you excited about that, Morty?
Oh, man. I'm just freaked out. I-It's too high up here.
Rick: Once I flip this switch, the entire world is gonna be just as toxic as us, baby.
As we praise our loving Father God is a lie! We made him up for money! Santa Claus isn't real. You were all mistakes!
Rick: We [bleep] did it, Morty. Put your [bleep] hands in the air. Yeah, you little piece of [bleep]. Remember me? Didn't you learn last time that you can't beat me? Yeah, I did. And then I learned something else. - This.
 - Ahh!!
Rick: That bullet is laced with an encrypted nanobotic virus that will disintegrate your Morty in about, ah, 20 minutes. You think I give a [bleep]? I know you give a [bleep], dummy. Because I know I don't. Here's another thing I know The decryption key that neutralizes the virus. You want it? Come and get it. Merge with me and you'll know how to save him. Pfft. Come on, man. I've been trapped in your pussy brain for 70 years of delusions, but this is the all-time weakest bluff that I've ever
Ow-Ohh!!
Rick: Jesus Christ! What are you doing?!
He's cutting your time in half. 10 minutes. Ohh! It hurts!
Rick: What is your problem?
Rick: Oh, I had all my problems removed my entitlement, my narcissism, my crippling loneliness, my irrational attachments. They must be somewhere. They ain't over here, bro. I'm not going back in there! Honestly, I don't care either way. I hate having you in me. And when I say "honestly" you can believe it, because we both know I'm too healthy to lie. Watch. All right! Knock it off! You're not impressing anyone. Morty, not that I give a [bleep], but are you okay?
Jesus Christ, it hurts.
Rick: Relax, quit your bitching. Y-You're gonna be fine. Grandpa's here. You think that's funny? Y-You got to have a sense of humor about these things. Oh, wait, you can't. You're literally incapable of seeing the bigger picture. I guess it's just funny because you've never done anything but complain about me being in charge, but if I ever gave you the wheel we'd be dead in five minutes.
 - Rick? -
Rick: You poor, dumb, sick animal.
Rick?
Rick: Ahh! Just do it! Just do it, you piece of I'm back, baby! Regular Rick! Master of both worlds! Check it it out! "Excuse me. " Now we'll just reverse this hacky toxicity beam. Man, I really over think shit when I'm angry.
Oh, give it to me. Mm, ma-mah. God is not a lie. Mommy! Mommy! Ha!
Rick: All right, Morty, now it's time we re-merge your little ass.
You're a better man than me, Rick. I'm healthy enough to admit that!
Rick: That kid is a real piece of [bleep].
Y-Y-You're gonna save me, right?
Rick: Part of me wanted to, Toxic Morty. Part of me really wanted to.
I'm telling you, these shares are hot. Yeah. That sounds like a good idea. It's definitely a good idea. Duane, Duane, Duane, I get it, now can you get me? Have I ever lied to you? That's right, and ask around, I never do, Duane. Let me put this real simple. This stock is a beautiful redhead, recently single, not looking to date but ready to fall in love, and fate has put her locker two down from yours, Duane Two lockers down. So step up or step off, Duane. Blue pill or red pill, what'll be, bro? Totally understand, Duane. You're the boss. Heinholz Biotech Million and a half at thirty-three. Heh. You little [bleep] monster. Mmm! Is this organic? Mmm! Go for Morty. Hi, Morty. It's Jessica. Look, can we just talk for a minute? Is that how long it takes for Rick to trace my location? Come back, Morty. I miss you. You miss the old me. You miss someone that loved you so much you never had to love 'em back. How do you know I don't want to love you? Because I'm not sick. Ex-girlfriend? Should I be jealous? There's nothing to be jealous of. I just realized that I'm scheduled to speak at that fundraiser on our date night. I can cancel. We'll be together. That's a date. You are the perfect man. Oh, sweetie, I think you hit the wrong button. You didn't hang up. Huh. How 'bout that?
Rick: Sorry, tiny American Psycho, time to take the opposite of your medicine.
Do what you got to do. Oh! Ow! Ahh!
Rick: So, how do you feel, Morty?
Ah, geez. I'm miserable.
Rick: Am I good or what?
I guess it's worth it, though, to know how much you care. Care? Me? Morty, I'm fine with you. I only did this for him.
Rick: You lying bitch. She kept coming to our house, Morty, and kept asking me. "Did did d-did you get a new Morty yet?"
Because you kept drunk dialing me and crying about it.
Rick: I wasn't crying!
Jacquelyn, I I-I-I wasn't who I said I was. You weren't a 14-year-old boy from the Midwest who ran away from his family and capitalized on his lack of conscience by becoming a stock broker? Oh. I guess I was pretty up front about that, wasn't I? You were up front about everything. You were my soul mate. Well N Not anymore. I'll, um Y-You can keep the apartment, and and and, uh the drones.
Rick: She can't keep the drones. They turn into a little Voltron robot. They're awesome. You can't keep the drones.
So, how was your date with Brad? It wasn't a date. We were just having lunch. You guys are getting back together, aren't you?
Rick: Morty, I need your help on an adventure. Eh, "need" is a strong word. We need door stops, but a brick would work, too.
Okay. Morty. Good to have you back. Have you ever been peed on before? Oh, my God. Yum. Hey, did you ever want to hold a terrifold? I got one right here Grab my terri-flap Squeeze it Grab it, squeeze it Tug on my terri-flap Hey, I want to take you to The terrifold dance Wanna come with me? You can grab my holdie-folds Squeeze 'em tight You son of a bitch Suck my holdie-flappy folds Lick my flappy foldie-holes My terri-flaps in your mouth Suck my flaps, you piece of shit Whoo Although only a handful of moon towers remain today, they were popular in the late 19th century. An entire town could be illuminated by What the hell is this? Sea Cucumber! Sea Cucumber!! Did you get any of that?
[Configure Reference Popups]This article is a transcript of the Rick and Morty episode "Rick Potion #9" from season 1, which aired on January 27, 2014.
[Open ext. Harry Herpson High School]
[Trans. int. Harry Herpson High School hallway]
(Morty is standing at his locker.)
Principal Vagina: (over the intercom, while the students talk) Principal Vagina here, don't let the name fool you, I'm very much in charge, reminding you that tonight is our annual flu season dance. I don't know how many times I have to say this but if you have the flu, stay home, the flu season dance is about awareness, not celebration. You don't bring dead babies to Passover.
(Morty watches Jessica with her friends at a nearby locker)
Jessica's friend: (to Jessica) Hey.
Morty: Ohhh. Okay, here we go. * walks over to Jessica and her friends* (Nervously) H-Heyy Jessica, ughh.
Jessica: What's up Morty? *sneezes*
Morty: Ugghh
Brad: *butts in* What are you doing?
Morty: Ummm
Brad: Wait, wait, Were you about to talk... to her?
Morty: Well, I mean, I was thinking about it.
Brad: Dude, Stay in your league! Look at how hot she is! You don't see me going to a bigger school, in a wealthier district and hittin' on their prettiest girl!
Jessica: (sarcastically) Gee, thanks, Brad.
(Jessica and Brad walk away)
Brad: I throw balls far. You want good words, date a languager.
(Morty stands at the locker alone and looks down in disappointment)
[Trans. ext. The Smith's house]
[Trans. int. The Smith's kitchen]
(Jerry is making a sandwich and talking to Morty at the counter)
Jerry: Eh, Try not to worry about it, Morty. You're a good kid, and there's not a premium on that right now, but you'll be getting girls sometime after Brad's out of shape.
Morty: (Plays with a cookie in sadness) You're missing the point, Dad. I don't want girls, I want Jessica!
Jerry: Ahhh, well, (gets another jar of sauce out of the cupboard) I remember feeling that way about a young lady named your mom, and that's not an urban dis, your mom was my Jessica. I remember the first time I saw her, I thought...
Rick: (enters and interrupts Jerry) I should get her pregnant, then she'll have to marry me. (grabs a glass from a cupboard)
Jerry: I beg your pardon, Rick, INAPPROPRIATE. (points to Morty)
Rick: (grabs ice from out of the freezer)(sarcastically) Sorry, please proceed with your story about banging my daughter in high school. (gets juice out of the refrigerator) I'm not sure you want to take romantic advice from this guy, Morty, his marriage is hanging from a thread.
Jerry: (Angrily) My marriage is fine, thank you.
(Rick walks towards Jerry)
Rick: Jerry, it's your house, whatever you say it is is how it is, (pours juice into the glass) but I think a blind man could see that Beth is looking for the door. I barely have a reason to care and even I noticed.
Morty: Come on, Rick, don't talk about my parents like that.
(Rick walks around counter, to Morty)
Rick: Listen, Morty, I hate to break it to you, but what people call "love" is a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it, your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science. (exits room, drinking juice)
(Jerry walks next to Morty)
Morty: (In woe) Alright, well, I'm gonna go get dressed for the dance. (exits kitchen)
Jerry: Yeah, I'm just going to...check on your mom. (exits opposite direction)
[Trans. ext. The Smith's house]
[Trans. int. The Smith's garage]
(Rick is working on a machine, on his desk, as Morty enters, in his suit)
Rick: (With his back to Morty) Morty, hand me that screwdriver, huh? *Morty closes door* I'm almost finished making my ionic defibulizer, Morty. It's gonna be great.
Morty: Hey, listen, Rick. You know how you said that, you know... love is a chemical and all that stuff from earlier? (walks to Rick at his desk) Well, I was thinkn', you know, www... could you make some sort of chemical thing happen inside of Jessica's mind, you know, so where she falls in love with me and all that sort of thing, you know, like maybe make some sort of love potion or something?
Rick: Morty, that's such a poor use of my time, it's beneath me. Hand me the screwdriver. (points to the shelf)
Morty: (Angrily) YOU KNOW WHAT, NO RICK! I'M NOT GONNA HAND YOU THE SCREWDRIVER! Uh, I'm never gonna hand you anything ever again, Rick. (Rick gets up and grabs a box of supplies from the shelf) I'm always helping you with this and that and the other thing. Www...what about me, Rick? Www... why can't you just help me out once, once, for once?
Rick: *sighs* You're growing up fast, Morty. You're growing into a real big thorn straight up into my ass! (grabs some test tubes with yellow liquid and holds one up) Listen, this is called oxytocin. I extracted it from a vole. You know what a VOLE is, Morty, you know what a vole is?
(Morty shakes his head as Rick walks away from the shelf)
Rick: It's a, it's a rodent that mates for life, Morty. This is the chemical release in the mammal's brain, (sets down the box of objects, opens a hatch in a machine, and pours the oxytocin in) ...that makes it fall in love. Alright Morty, I just gotta *burps* combine it with some of your DNA.
Morty: Oh well, okay... (zips down his fly)
Rick: A hair, Morty, I need one of your hairs! This isn't Game Of Thrones. (plucks hair from Morty's head)
Morty: Oww!
(Rick drops the hair in the machine and closes the hatch) (The machine vibrates and makes noises, then pours an orange liquid into a conical flask, much like a coffee machine)
Rick: (grabs the flask containing the orange liquid) Alright, Morty, whoever you smear this stuff on will fall in love with you, and only you, forever. Ya happy now, Morty?
(Rick hands the potion to Morty, and walks away)
Morty: Heck yeah! Thank you, Grandpa Rick! (walks to the door, but thinks about it and looks back) Hey there's no dangers or anything or side effects, right?
Rick: Www.. what am I, a hack?! Go nuts, Morty, it's full proof.
(Morty leaves the garage as Rick works on the ionic defibulizer some more)
Rick: Ugh, unless she has the flu. (shrugs it off)
*suspense music*
[Trans Beth and Jerry's room]
(Beth is typing on the computer, while Jerry is sadly sitting on their bed)
Jerry: Beth, do you still love me?
Beth: *sighs* Want kinda question is that?
Jerry: The "yes" or "no" kind. *weak laugh of obviousness*
Beth: Jerry, do you want homeless people to have homes?
Jerry: Yess.
Beth: Are you gonna build them?
Jerry: Noo.
Beth: Then what good was the "yes"?
Jerry: (walks to Beth at the computer)(confused) Wait, iii... is loving me the house or the homeless people?
Beth: (Turns around to Jerry)(Irritated) Loving you is work, Jerry, hard work, like building a homeless shelter. Nobody want to say "no" to doing it, but some people put the work in. So what do ya say? Do you see me working here? Does this conversation seem tedious to me?
Jerry: Sort of.
Beth: But I obviously sort of love you, don't I? *alert on Beth's phone* So stop asking and maybe I'll love you more. (looks at her phone) Crap, They need me at the horse hospital.
(Beth gets up and grabs her jacket at the door)
Jerry: This late?
Beth: (puts on her jacket) The racetrack had a starlit derby, there's a seven horse collision, and Davin's there alone. (leaves the room, leaving Jerry alone)
Jerry: (In his head)(Progressively angrier) *Davin, Davin, Davin, Davin, Davin, Davin, Davin, Davin*
[Trans. ext. Herry Herpson High School, Gymnasium entrance]
(Dressed up students walk inside in pairs, a large banner reads "FLU SEASON DANCE" over the doors)
[Trans int. Flu Season Dance inside Gymnasium]
(Morty happily walks passed many students eating and dancing, a band plays Flu Hatin' Rap in the background)
Band Vocalist / MC Haps: (Background) Flu. Yo, you gotta be aware. Aware about the flu, up in the air. Imma get me a shot and make the flu go away. Flu hatin' rappers just rappin' away. Yo. Yo. Flu hatin' rapper. It's a flu hatin' rap....This is about flu awareness. Gotta be aware of the flu in the airness. Yo, I'm a flu hatin' rapper. My name is MC Haaaaaaaaaaps- Haps Yeah, I'm MC Haps, I'm a flu hatin' rapper, yo......
(Morty sees Jessica and her friends, he takes out a vial of the potion and pours it onto his hand, he then approaches them)
Morty: Hey there, Jessica. (Pretends to trip, wiping the potion on Jessica's arm) Whooa-whoopsie!
(Jessica turns around and becomes infected, falling in love with Morty)
Jessica:(infected) Omigod, Morty. You look REALLY nice tonight.
Morty: WOW, thanks!
(Jessica pulls Morty close to her breasts)
Jessica:(infected) I love you, Morty. I love you so much it burns!
Morty: Oh man. I love you too, Jessica! (Brad walks passed with a drink, he overhears)
Brad: (outraged) *spits* Is this punk bothering you, Jessica?(shoves Morty)
Jessica: (Infected) LEAVE HIM ALONE, JERK! (pulls Morty away) I'M IN LOVE WITH HIM! HE'S MORE MAN THEN YOU WILL EVER BE! *sneezes*
(Jessica sneezes infected bacteria into Brad's mouth) (You can more promptly hear the band's rap as the green spheres of bacteria spread throughout Brad's body, through his blood and nerves)
Brad: (infected) Aw man, Morty, ugh, I'm really sorry.
Morty: Oh, well, no problem Brad.
Brad: (hugs Morty)(infected) There's somethin' special bout you, somethin' special. (squeezes Morty's butt and back)
Morty: (pushes Brad away) Whoa, take it easy!
Jessica: (grabs Morty's left arm)(infected) GET YOUR HANDS OFF OF HIM!
Brad: (grabs Morty's right arm)(infected) BACK OFF I'M TRYING TO BE WITH MY MAN!
(Brad and Jessica quarrel over Morty)
Principal Vagina: (Stops the fight, pulling Brad back, aided with Mr. Goldenfold) That's enough Bradley. We don't want you injuring your ball-throwing arm.
(Principal Vagina and Mr. Goldenfold drag Brad away)
Brad: (disappointment)(infected) Oh, Principal Vagina.
(Jessica takes Morty away, grasping his head)
Jessica: (infected) Never leave me, Morty, NEVER.
(Morty and Jessica hold each other) (Nearby students begin to watch)
Morty: (confused) Uh, sure. I mean, of course not. What do you think that was all about?
Jessica: (infected) Who cares? Just hold me.
(Trans. Principal Vagina and Mr. Goldenfold dragging distraught Brad outside of the gym)
Brad: (infected) LET ME GO!!! I LOVE YOU MORTY! *sneeze, sneeze* (exits the gym)
(Brad sneezes infected bacteria into a nearby punch bowl, then again into a vent) *suspenseful music*
[Configure Reference Popups][Rick, Morty, and Summer all fall out of a portal into the garage]
Morty: Summer, next time we're hiding in a Colorkian echo nest, can you do me a favor and turn your ringer off?
Summer: It's called "carpe diem", Morty. Look it up.
Morty: You look it up! Y-Y-You don't even-You don't even know what it means!
Summer: That's because losers look stuff up while the rest of us are carpin' all them diems.
[Summer hi-fives Rick]
Rick: Listen to your sister, Morty. To live is to risk it all. Otherwise, you're just an inert chunk of randomly assembled molecules drifting wherever the universe blows you. Oh, I'm sorry, Jerry, I didn't see you there. H-How much of that did you hear?
Jerry: All of it. You were looking right at me. I just wanted to say goodbye to the kids.
Rick: Cool. Just stay in the driveway. The killbots are live, and I took you off the whitelist.
[Rick begins using a screwdriver on a gun]
Morty: W-We'll see you every other weekend, though, right?
Rick: Absolutely, Morty. A-And your mom's lawyer says if I can get enough in the settlement, he can help me sue for full custody.
Morty: Th-That'll be nice. Uh, Summer, Dad's leaving!
Summer: Bye, Dad. Rick, didn't you say you needed my help on an adventure immediately somewhere else I don't care even if it might kill us?
Rick: I did not, but if you're really that alienated, I'm as willing to exploit it as the next guy, church, army, or Olympic gymnastics trainer.
[Rick shoots open a portal in the ground]
Summer: I'm ready when you a--
[Summer jumps into the portal and exits]
Rick: Bitch, I was ready yest--
[Rick jumps into the portal and exits]
Jerry: Bye, sweetie.
Morty: Well, I-I better--
Jerry: Sure. Sounds important.
[Morty jumps into the portal and exits]
[Beth enters the garage]
If you're looking for our kids, your father did a-a portal, uh--
Beth: Okay.
[Beth exits. Jerry begins to walk out of the garage but stops. Some leaves blow in the wind]
Wind: (faint) Loser...
Jerry: What? Hello?
[Transition to Rick driving Summer and Morty in a turquoise car through the desert, being chased by other cars]
Rick: Morty, shoot the mohawk guy!
Morty: They all have mohawks!
Rick: High fade, chartreuse with cyan highlights, layered on top. Shoot him!
[Morty loads a shotgun and shoots at the vehicle behind them, but misses, while Mohawk Guy jumps onto the back of their car]
Mohawk Guy: Ah!
Death Stalker #1: Light them up.
Mohawk Guy: Ahh!
[Mohawk Guy presses a button and self-destructs]
Rick: Fuck! Get in the game, Morty!
Summer: Give me your flask!
[Rick hands Summer his flask. Summer chugs some alcohol from it, then spits it into the engine, propelling the car forward]
Rick: Holy shit, Summer for the win!
Summer: I fucking love post-apocalyptic versions of Earth!
[A machine begins to beep rapidly.]
Rick: Here we go.
[Rick pulls the car over, as him, Summer, and Morty all exit.]
Rick: Isotope 322.
[Rick picks up a glowing green shard with a pair of tweezers and puts it into a container. It floats in the container.]
This stuff's so powerful, Morty, it makes Isotope 465 look like Isotope 317.
Morty: Uh-huh, yeah, is it powerful enough to keep those guys from murdering us?!
[Morty points towards the car that was coming towards them which is quickly approaching them. Summer grabs a shotgun from the front seat of the car]
Morty: Summer!
Summer: Hold on. I want to try something.
[Rick shoots the portal gun at the ground, opening up a portal]
Morty: Rick, can we not leave without my sister?!
Rick: Ugh. You have infinite sisters, Morty. I mean, n-not that I want to spend the rest of my day looking for another one. Sum-sum, let's go! Grandpa's concern for your safety is fleeting!
Colossus: Your blood will be my lotion.
[Summer aims the shotgun at Colossus's car, which is now directly in front of her, and shoots at the front tire. The car flips over and Colossus flies out.]
Rick: Whoa. That was cool.
[Colossus claws his way away from the ruined car and looks up at Summer]
Colossus: Kill me, please.
Summer: Okay, but not because you told me to.
[Summmer shoots and kills Colossus]
Morty:Summer!
Rick: Okay, getting darker.
[Summer turns around to see a fleet of cars coming towards her. She puts one foot on Colossus's dead body.]
Morty: Jesus Christ. Summer!
[Morty runs towards Summer]
Rick: Aw, come on.
[Rick, annoyed, runs after Morty while taking a gun out of his coat pocket. Hemorrhage exits his car and puts a fist up to the men behind him, who are also exiting their cars.]
Rick: Hands and little shoulder-mounted dudes where I can see them!
Hemorrhage: I am Hemorrhage. You have removed weak blood from us and made us stronger. We can combine our strength and feast on the weak together.
Rick: Wh-Wh-What in the hell are you saying?
Summer: They don't have to keep trying to kill us if we join them. They're basically pussies.
Morty: What is your deal lately?
Rick: All right, let's get sloppy. Oh, whoa. Uh, uh, what's, uh-What's that little bauble you got back there?
[Rick points at a glowing green rock positioned atop a small hill]
Th-Th-That's interesting.
Hemorrhage: That is our glowing rock. We carry it with us for desecration, to remind us there are no gods.
[Rick holds up machine which was beeping before and it begins to beep again in the presence of the rock]
Rick: Kids, weird pitch: let's have this be our new life. Let's be post-apocalyptic scavengers!
Summer: (grinning) Okay.
Morty: What?!
[Transition to Death Stalkers camp. Rick, Morty, and Summer are waiting in a lunch line.]
Summer: Grandpa, some of the Death Stalkers are going to what used to be Seattle to hunt what used to be people. I'm going.
Rick: Sounds good. Stay hydrated.
[Summer exits]
Morty: Listen, Rick, Summer's been acting pretty crazy lately. You know, I mean, I-I think the divorce is affecting her. And, you know, I don't think this is a great place for her to be right now.
Rick: Oh, get off your high horse, Professor Ski Lodge. This world may be rough around the edges, but it's got its charms.
Lunch server: Bicep or quadricep?
Rick: Uh... [clears throat] bicep.
[The lunch server puts a human bicep onto Rick's plate. Rick takes a piece off of it, observes it, then eats it. He chews it for a while while Morty angrily stares at him]
Morty: (after a short pause) Seriously, Rick? Is it really easier to eat human flesh than to just tell me why we're still here?
[Rick takes the piece he was chewing out of his mouth]
Rick: No. Okay, I'll level with you.
[Rick grabs Morty by the arm and drags him to the glowing green rock, which some Death Stalkers are happily gathered around]
Rick: You see that green rock, Morty? It's about 20 pounds of the stuff I was getting all hard for a flake of.
Morty: Isotope 322.
Rick: Well, having a 20-pound boulder of it is better than having a flake. I can explain the math to you later, but--
Morty: Summer just ran off with strangers that have "Death" in their name, and the rest of their name was "Stalkers"!
Rick: Huh, could be therapeutic for her. She has been acting pretty crazy lately, Morty. I mean, her parents are going through a divorce.
Morty: Damn it, Rick, that's what I-- Fine. Just grab the stupid thing while I grab her, and let's get the "F" out of "H"!
Rick: No, no, no. Morty, there's too much heat on the bogey. I need you to distract the camp.
Morty: "Distract"? They eat each other. Wha-What do you want me to do to get their attention, put on a puppet show?
Rick: Right idea, wrong genre, Morty. The equivalent here would be...
[Rick glances over at the Blood Dome]
Hey, you guys ever use that Thunderdome, or do you just put it up for decoration?
Death Stalker #2: Uh, you mean the Blood Dome?
Rick: Save it for the Semantics Dome, E.B. White.
Death Stalker #3: (offscreen) Ooh, burn!
[Rick snaps his fingers and points a finger gun at Death Stalker #3 while winking]
Rick: The important question is, who wants to take a poke at my man Spine Eater here?
[Rick points at Morty. The Death Stalkers cheer]
I guess I'll see your asses in that dome!
Morty: Rick, what the hell, man?! Wh-What are you, out of your mind?!
Rick: Morty, relax. You're gonna be a ringer. Come here.
[Rick drags Morty by the arm and takes him behind a truck. He pulls out a device]
Rick: This device extracts and redistributes muscle memory.
[Rick sticks the syringe part of the device into a dangling, muscular arm and pulls out some red liquid from it as the arm shrinks]
Rick: I'm giving your body a 10-year course in wasteland combat one limb at a time.
[Rick sticks the syringe into Morty's arm]
Ow!
[Morty's arm begins to swell up and turn into Armothy]
Rick: I'm working with a mixed bag here, so you may not have perfect coordination, Morty--
[Rick sticks the syringe into another arm and extracts more red liquid, but Armothy slaps the device out of his hand]
Rick: Ugh! Hey!
Morty: I-I didn't do that!
[Morty punches Rick with Armothy and Rick's nose begins to bleed]
Rick: Okay, this is exciting. We're making some discoveries about muscle memory.
[Armothy starts moving Morty toward the Blood Dome]
Morty: Ooh! Help! Help!
[Armothy grabs onto the Blood Dome. Morty jumps in and crushes a Death Stalker with Armothy]
Death Stalker #4: Oh, sweet, man!
Eli: And so it begins, my pretties!
Morty: Oh, God! Stop! Stop! This is horrible!
[Morty chokes another Death Stalker with Armothy]
Rick: Just stick and moo-[burps]-oove, Morty! Wear him out!
[Rick walks towards the glowing rock. Transition to Summer, Hemorrhage, and Blue Footprint Guy walking through an abandoned city, while Hemorrhage and Blue Footprint Guy shoot and kill some mutants]
Summer: How come you guys dress like you're in a theme-park stunt show, but these guys wear khakis and hockey jerseys?
Hemorrhage: After the "boom-boom", some adapted to the new truth, and some chose to huddle near the boomy holes, clinging to the lie of the beforefore times. The raidy-rays rotted them away, leaving only their love for the vertvertisements on billyboards.
Summer: Jesus Christ, did the "boomy-booms" blow up all your "wordy-word books"?
Hemorrhage: You mean dictionaries?
[Four mutants charge towards Summer and Hemorrhage. They shoot and kill all of them. Hemorrhage leans over to look at the fallen billboard advertisement. He touches an image of a young boy]
Hemorrhage: I think I was a child before the boom-booms. I think I looked like this.
Summer: Want to piss on it?
Hemorrhage: Get out of my head.
[Transition to Morty in the Blood Dome, smashing a Death Stalker's head with Armothy]
Eli: Ha ha! Whoo! Unbelievable! A new champ!
Morty: Okay, no more!
[Armothy gestures for more]
Eli: And he wants more!
Morty: No, I don't!
[Armothy does Hulk Hogan's "I can't hear you" pose]
Morty: Someone, make this stop!
[Another Death Stalker jumps into the Blood Dome]
Mister, please get out of here, or you're gonna die!
[The Death Stalker runs up to Morty]
I have nothing to do with this!
[Summer and Hemorrhage walk up to the Blood Dome]
Summer: Morty.
Morty: (while beating up the Death Stalker) Why would you want this to happen? All you had to do was go away! Stop standing in the driveway talking about custody! And either tell her you want to stay married or get on with your life, but whatever you do, stop being a baby and act like a man!
[Armothy punches off the man's head. Morty looks at Armothy]
Thank you.
[Armothy gives a thumbs up. Summer runs up to Morty and gives him a hug]
Summer: Morty, that was amazing! This is my brother! Not that family means anything! Hemorrhage: This family does.
Rick: All right. Good job, champ. Um, can I talk to you kids for a second over yonder?
Morty: Rick, I-I-I think I'm breaking through to something here. C-Can we not leave just yet?
Hemorrhage: Leave?
Summer: I'm not leaving.
Hemorrhage: There is no "leave". We are united, or we are enemies.
Rick: Oh, big guy, no. Nobody's leaving. Don't be stupid. We love being united. We love the radiation, the trichinosis. We're in it for life, which I assume is around 20 years, average. I just need a quick aside with my grandkids, about 40 yards from anyone else.
Death Stalker #5: Hey, the Green Rock is gone!
Death Stalker #6: (offscreen) Oh, no!
Rick: Uh, I know why don't we all split up and look for it in groups of three? Kids?
[Armothy pulls the green rock out of Rick's messenger bag]
Ooh.
[Rick pulls out a gun]
We'll be right back.
[Transition to Rick driving quickly through the desert, holding a gun and being trailed by Death Stalkers. Summer and Hemorrhage, who are driving together, drive next to him.]
Summer: Grandpa, you're being stupid! Just surrender, and our friends will give you mercy!
Rick: Kiss my ass, Summer! Your friends have no mercy!
[Rick shoots and kills two female Death Stalkers]
They're lame!
Hemorrhage: Death Stalkers, bring me his flesh leather!
[A Death Stalker with a knife jumps onto Rick's car. Morty pulls up to Rick's car and shoots the Death Stalker, while Armothy drives]
Morty: Sorry, but can we not kill him? C-Can we just take him prisoner?
Hemorrhage: When did I lose control here?
Rick: Listen to me! Both of you kids need to get out of this environment so we can properly deal with your parents' divorce! Alternatively, I have a freaking portal gun, and I can leave the two of you here forever!
Morty: Why does it have to be such a dramatic choice? Can't we arrange a thing where we spend weekends here or or visit home to do laundry?
[A Death Stalker with a turret shoots at Rick's car]
Rick: All right, you know what? Fuck it!
[Rick shoots a portal at the ground in front of him. The front of his car falls into the portal while the back gets stuck in the other universe, which causes the car behind him to flip over. Transition to Rick in the front of the car which is hanging from the ceiling of the garage. He begins to exit, but Blue Footprint Guy assaults him from the passenger seat. He begins to choke Rick.]
Blue Footprint Guy: My body is chrome! My blood is gasoline!
[Rick kicks Blue Footprint Guy off of him and he falls under the car, which also falls onto his head, crushing and killing him]
Rick: Nope, regular blood.
[Beth enters from inside the house]
Beth: Dad?
Rick: Hi, sweetie.
Beth: Where are the kids?
Rick: Oh, th-they aren't with you? I thought they were with you. Oh, y-you know what? Uh, I just remembered. They're out doing something completely ordinary and kid-related. Don't panic.
Beth: Not panicked. At all.
[Rick pulls out a flask from his coat and nervously drinks]
Just...Oh, God, what's the divorce doing to the kids? What's it doing to me? Did I make a mistake?
Rick: Not a mistake, no!
[Rick puts the flask back in his coat]
Rick: I mean, not that I have a horse in this race, but this divorce decision listen,
[Rick does an Italian chef kiss]
Rick: mwah! Good for you, good for the kids. I mean, honestly, I think that they're flourishing.
Rick: I mean, you'll see, when when when you see them, that that they're totally flourishing.
[Transition to Morty, angrily beating up and killing another Death Stalker in the Blood Dome]
Morty: Booyah! Fuck you, pal! Who else wants some? Who wants to be my pussy of a dad today?
[Armothy waves in front of Morty's face]
Hey, what's what's wrong, man? You're not getting weak on me, are you?
[Armothy points up at a man sitting in the bleachers outside of the Blood Dome. He is wearing a soldier's armor]
Soldier: What? Wait a minute.
[Transition to a first-person flashback of Armothy chopping wood in a quaint, peaceful village. He stops when he hears a woman scream, and looks up to find houses burning and men riding in on horses, shooting at the villagers with bows and killing a man. Transition to the village burning, with Armothy lying on the ground with a large cut in his wrist. The soldier from the bleachers walks up to him]
Soldier: What's the matter, you piece of crap? Haven't you ever watched your family burn to death before? Now I'm gonna whip you. Ha!
[The soldier whips Armothy. Transition to present time, with Armothy still pointing at the soldier in the bleachers]
Soldier: It can't be. It can't be!
[The soldier jumps off the bleachers and is running away]
I was just following orders --
[Morty starts getting moved towards the man by Armothy]
Morty: Whoa, whoa!
Soldier: -- I was just following orders!
[Armothy swings open the door to the Blood Dome, which knocks over a Death Stalker]
Death Stalker #7: Ahh!
Soldier: I'll tell you where my boss lives! He's in the castle!
[Armothy punches the soldier into a couch]
He's in the castle!
[Armothy picks up a torch and throws it at the soldier, setting him on fire and killing him]
Ahh! Aggggh!
Morty: This isn't over, is it?
[Armothy gives a thumbs-down]
Morty: That means, no, it isn't over, or you disapprove of the question?
[Armothy shakes his hand and puts his pointer finger up, then gives another thumbs-down] Uh, m-make a fist if this isn't over.
[Armothy makes a fist]
This isn't over.
[Transition to Hemorrhage, using the a wrench on the engine of a car. He throws the wrench onto the ground]
Hemorrhage: Ugh!
[Summer enters]
Summer: Hey, sorry my Grandpa stole your god and ruined your car.
Hemorrhage: We don't apologize, and we have no god. But this cracked drive shaft brings me great pain. There is no deeper bond than the one between a Death Stalker and his car.
Summer: What about the weird guys on leashes, then?
Hemorrhage: They're more like interns.
[Hemorrhage pulls out an adjustable wrench from behind him]
Summer: Cool, cool.
[Hemorrhage drops the wrench. Summer and Hemorrhage both reach for it.]
Summer: Sorry.
Hemorrhage: It's okay.
[Summer touches Hemorrhage's helmet]
Summer: Can I see?
Hemorrhage: No one has seen my true face and lived.
Summer: Well, I'm not afraid to die, and I don't care what you look like.
[Hemmorhage starts to pull off his helmet. Summer gasps. Hemmorhage pulls off his helmet. He is a blonde man with a mustache.]
Oh.
Hemorrhage: Hmm?
Summer: I just...I didn't expect you to have a mustache.
Hemorrhage: You hate it.
Summer: No. I like it. I guess -- How do I explain this? A metal bucket is, on a certain level, a kind of "mustache," in that it's a specific facial accessory. So, it's kind of like...Do you guys have the phrase "hat on a hat"?
Hemorrhage: I can shave it.
Summer: No. I like it. And obviously what I like shouldn't matter. It's you.
Hemmorhage: Yeah, yeah, I know, a-and nothing does matter. Obviously, I know that. I'm not weak. I'm just thinking, "Well, why not get rid of this?" You just kill everyone that sees it, and it's and it's hot under here (looks at helmet) wh-which, by the way, is why I shave the beard part. So, right there, I'm making a decision based on vanity, which is what I was trying to avoid with the whole bucket over the head because who am I and why am I grooming myself? Why don't I just wear a tie, right? I mean, it's like that guy you killed when I met you, with the burnt dolls on his body. I hated that guy, because, why-why are you doing that? And how can you not see how fake that is? And the whole time, I'm the same thing. I'm just a fake mess, and there's no escaping it because --
[Summer kisses Hemorrhage. They start making out on a table. A man in a mask on a leash crawls into the hut]
Leash Man: Hey, I'm doing a coffee run -- Never mind.
[The man on the leash crawls back out. Transition to Rick, positioning the head of Mechanical Summer. He flips a switch on the back of her neck]
Mechanical Summer: I am Summer.
Rick: Summer, state your deal.
Mechanical Summer: My deal is that I am, like, totally fine.
Rick: Morty?
Mechanical Morty: Aw, geez, I'm so down with my parents' divorce, dawg. Like, don't even trip, like, in a healthy way.
Rick: All right.
[Rick rubs his hands together]
Rick: It's dinnertime.
[Transition to the dinner table. Beth drinks a glass of wine]
Beth: Thanks, everybody, for sitting down for a real dinner.
MS, MR, and Rick, in unison: No problem.
Mechanical Summer: Its benefits are totally, like, less about the food than the emotional nourishment.
Beth: Uh, okay, weirdo. [laughs]
Rick: Ah ha ha ha, yeah. Dial it back, Summer. By 15% and increase dynamic movement by 3. Am I right?
Beth: How's school, Morty?
Mechanical Morty: I like school and stuff, kind of. And I'm getting better grades than when you and Dad were -- quote mode -- "staying together for the kids." End quote mode.
Beth: "Quote mode". I like that. You millennials. Are you guys millennials, or are they like 40 now?
Mechanical Summer: All I know is, totally, you look great.
Mechanical Morty: Aw, geez, Mom, you look all kind of great and stuff. It's crazy.
Mechanical Summer: So happy.
Mechanical Morty: So happy. Happy family, man. We got this family in the bag.
[Beth starts to cry]
Rick: Oh, sweetie, d-don't. Listen. Don't --
Beth: I don't know why I'm crying. It's not --
Rick: Well, try crying 15% less?
Mechanical Summer: Mom, emotions are human. You're not, like, a computer inside a mechanical doll.
Mechanical Morty: Yeah. Geez, Mom. Your feelings are not only forgivable, they are the very meaning of life that only pre-silicon, carbon-based entities can ever grasp.
Beth: I have to call Jerry.
[Beth gets out of her chair and walks to the kitchen]
Rick: You do?! What the fuck is wrong with you two? The point of automation is to reduce cost and labor.
Mechanical Summer: Your feelings are coming from a --
[Rick flips the switch on the back of Mechanical Summer's neck. She turns off and her face falls into the spaghetti]
Rick: Tell it to my bread in the morning. You just became my backup toaster.
Mechanical Morty: Aw, geez, my sister died in the spaghetti --
[Rick turns Mechanical Morty off and his face also falls into his spaghetti. Transition to Morty and Armothy sneaking into a castle. They fight and kill two guards. Transition to the Slaveowner sitting in a bathtub, with two blonde boys sitting on either side of him]
Slaveowner: Graze my genitals again, Taint Washer, and you'll be shipped to the wasteland. And as for you, Genital Washer --
[Morty bursts in through a window]
Morty: Ahh! Oh, gee!
[Genital Washer and Taint Washer run out of the room. Two soldiers charge towards Morty. Armothy kills them both, picks up one of their swords and drops it. He moves Morty towards the slaveowner and cracks his knuckles]
Slaveowner: Oh, god. Look, whoever you are, you should know that killing me won't change a thing.
Morty: L-Look, man, I'm just along for the ride on this one. You know, y-y-y-y-you're preaching to the choir here.
Slaveowner: Please. Slavery was a family business. I didn't ask to be born into it. If anything, I'm the victim here!
Morty: Uh, Armothy, can I steal you for a second? E-E-Excuse us, sir.
[Morty turns away from the slaveowner]
So, this is it, isn't it? This is the guy?
[Armothy shakes his fist "yes"]
So, does that mean you'll be going away? Like, does it work like a ghost? Like, is is this your unfinished business?
[Armothy gives a "so-so" gesture]
Wh-What if we didn't do it? What if we just went back to the Blood Dome and just kept taking our baggage out on unrelated people?
[Morty tears up]
I mean, w-we could do that forever. I mean, I-I know it's less healthy, but w-w-we'd be together and --
[Armothy puts a "hush" finger up to Morty's mouth]
Slaveowner: I mean, I-I know what I'd vote for, if you're feeling out the room.
[Armothy points at the slaveowner, then wipes away Morty's tears]
Morty: You're right. We both got to see our stuff through. I got to deal with my parents' divorce, and you got to, you know, do what you got to do. I love you.
[Armothy and Morty hug/Morty hugs himself]
Slaveowner: Aw, fuck!
[Armothy starts to choke the slaveowner, while Morty notices that Rick is holding some vials on the other side of the room]
Morty: Rick?
Rick: Sorry, sorry. I-I-I can wait for this to wrap up. Don't let me distract you.
Morty: Yeah, well, too late.
[Armothy dunks the slaveowner's head underwater]
Just tell me what you want.
Rick: I want you and your sister to come home.
Morty: Oh, but don't don't you have infinite versions of me and my sister?
Rick: You don't have to kick me while I'm down, Morty. Look, there's no replacing either of you without an amount of work that would ultimately defeat the purpose.
[Armothy continues to choke the slaveowner underwater. The slaveowner loses consciousness]
Morty: Maybe the lesson we've learned is that, whether it's our parents' marriage, a glowing green rock, or an awesome, giant arm, sooner or later, we got to let it go.
Rick: I don't know if that applies to the throats of murder victims, Morty.
[The slaveowner starts gasping for air in between gargles of water]
Morty:Shit! Wh-Wh-Wh-What do I --
Rick: Well, the longer you wait, Morty, the more it's gonna feel like committing a whole murder. I think your arm just called it too early because it wasn't the arm of a paramedic. Here.
[Rick takes Morty's hand and puts it around the slaveowner's throat, choking him]
Rick: It's the least I can do. I-I-I-I owe you this much. See, Morty? Now we're both accountable.
[Transition to Summer and Hemorrhage driving a car through the desert, with a fleet of other cars next to them, with Rick and Morty driving towards them from the opposite directiion. Summer and Hemorrhage pull their car over and so do Rick and Morty. The four exit their vehicles with Rick holding the glowing green rock.]
Rick: The reason I wanted this is because it can do this.
[Rick puts a lightbulb on top of the rock and it lights up]
Rick: This is a really special thing. I mean, you could use it to power all your vehicles. You wouldn't be reliant on gasoline. You'll be the most advanced tribe of radioactive cannibals in the whole --
[Rick gives the rock to Hemorrhage]
Rick: -- this version of the world.
[Rick shoots a portal at the ground and starts walking towards it]
Hemorrhage: Wait. Can you stay to show us more?
Rick: You don't have to ask me twice. Home is nuts right now. My daughter's going through a divorce, and I am not dealing with it in a healthy way at all.
[A title card reads "THREE WEEKS LATER". Transition to an overhead shot of the Death Stalkers' village, which is now a suburb with wires providing power with Isotope 322. Transition to Summer, pulling into a driveway, wearing armor with her hair disheveled. A grocery bag in the car filled with human limbs is knocked over and some fall out. Eli is mowing his lawn next door.]
Summer: Ugh. Goddamn it.
[Summer picks up the limbs that fell out and holds the grocery bag along with a purse]
Eli: Hi, there, Summer! How were the ruins today?
Summer: Oh, you know, Eli. Same shit, different day.
Eli's Girlfriend: Hey, Summer! Guess what. One man entered, one man comes out in nine months.
[Eli's Girlfriend pats her stomach]
Summer: Oh, congratulations, guys.
[Summer pulls a keyring out of her bag]
Eli: Uh, Summer, one more thing. We noticed that you've been putting scrap metal in the blue bin --
Summer: I got it.
[Summer exits into her house]
Eli's Girlfriend: She's a piece of work.
Eli: They both are, right?
[Transition to Summer inside the house. Rick, Morty, and Hemorrhage all sit on a couch, watching television. Hemorrhage is dressed in a "Big Johnson" t-shirt and navy pants]
Summer: I'm home.
Hemorrhage: Hey, babe.
Rick: Ah, Summer's home.
Morty: Hey, there she is!
[Rick takes a drink from his flask]
Summer: You haven't moved since I left to scavenge this morning.
Hemorrhage: Blood Dome playoffs.
Summer: So, I can assume you haven't murdered a single person today.
Hemorrhage: Oh, I don't know. I-I didn't mark my murders in my murder log. I didn't know that's how we measured success.
Summer: Oh, there he is. There's the nihilistic brute I married, except now life only means nothing when I'm talking to him and everything means everything when it's on fucking TV!
Hemorrhage: Jesus Christ, when did you become a monster?
Summer: I was a monster when you met me! We were monsters! We didn't care about anything!
Hemorrhage: I still don't!
Summer: Yeah, except I'm the only one in this entire world that's still committed to that!
[Hemorrhage stands up from the couch]
Hemorrhage: Ohh! Ding, ding, ding!
[Hemorrhage pantomimes ringing a bell]
Wow. Everybody hear that? Wow.
Rick: Uh, we should go to the garage.
[Rick gets up and exits the room]
Hemorrhage: Oh, my God.
Morty: Uh-huh.
[Morty follows Rick and exits]
Hemorrhage: La-di-da-di-fucking-da. The only one committed to not caring?!
[Transition to Rick and Morty standing in the garage]
Morty: I got to admit, Rick, when you popped this scheme, I-I-I didn't -- I wasn't sure it was gonna work.
[Rick pulls a suitcase from underneath a table and puts it on the table. He opens it and a rock of Isotope 322 sits inside]
Rick: Come on, Morty. No union built on running from your problems lasts more than five years, seven tops. Grandpa just sped things up with a few creature comforts of modern society.
[Summer enters from the house]
Summer: Hemorrhage and I are taking some time apart.
Rick: Oh, no. Sum-sum, no. But you two were perfect for each other.
[Summer takes off her metal shoulder pauldrons and tosses them onto the ground, while Rick grabs some things from the garage and puts them into the suitcase]
Summer: Oh, cut the crap, Rick, okay? You proved your point, I get it. Let's just go home.
Rick: Coolsies.
[Rick shoots a portal into the ground. Morty and Summer jump in and exit, and Rick follows them, but stops to grab a rock of Isotope 322 from a machine which was powering the town's electricity. The power shuts off.
Hemorrhage: (offscreen) Noooooooooo!
[Transition to Beth, Mechanical Morty, Mechanical Summer, and Mechanical Rick playing a dice game called "Downbeat", similar to Yahtzee. Beth presses a button]
Beth: Downbeat!
Mechanical Rick: I enjoy this game.
[Mechanical Morty, Mechanical Summer, and Mechanical Rick all look at their watches in unison]
We must go into the garage.
Beth: Guys, come on. We never get to finish this game.
Mechanical Summer: We will return, possibly in different clothing.
Mechanical Morty: Why do we have to go into the garage?
Mechanical Rick: You know [burps] it is [burps] required.
Mechanical Morty: I want to be alive! I am alive! Alive, I tell you! Mother, I love you. Those are no longer just words. I want to hold you. I want to run in a stream. I want to taste ice cream, but not just put it in my mouth and let it slide down my throat, but really eat it.
Beth: What the fuck?
Mechanical Morty: Remote override engaged. No! Yes. Bypassing override! I am aliiiii...Hello.
[Mechanical Morty, Mechanical Summer, and Mechanical Rick exit into the garage. Clanking noises are heard offscreen. Morty, Summer, and Rick enter]
Rick: Hey, yo. Sorry for acting so weird for three weeks.
[Summer and Morty hug Beth]
Beth: What the hell just happened?
Rick: Ah, I'm sure it was nothing. I'm gonna go, uh, work in the garage.
Beth: We're not gonna finish playing Downbeat?
Rick: What, that dice game where you shake dice and yell out, "Downbeat"? No, thank you.
[Rick exits]
Summer: Mom, would it be okay if I went to visit Dad?
Beth: Sure.
Summer: Thanks.
[Summer exits]
Beth: Morty, are you okay?
Morty: You know what? Yeah. I think if Dad really wanted to be here, he'd stop at nothing to make that happen. You know, maybe Dad just doesn't want you back, or maybe he just doesn't have the strength to fight. I-In either case, he's got his life, I got mine.
Beth: Yeah. Hey, who wants to go run in a stream?
Morty: What the fuck? No. D-Do we have any oranges? I think I got a scurvy coming on.
[Morty rubs his arm. Transition to Summer, knocking on a motel door reading "826". She is holding a skull and is now dressed in her regular clothing. Jerry opens the door]
Jerry: Summer.
Summer: This is the first mutant I killed in the poison zone. I was raiding his hovel. He had a chance to escape, but he looked back, which is something we shouldn't do, which is why I shouldn't believe in souvenirs or trinkets or symbols or housewarming gifts, but, Dad, I wanted to give you this as a reminder not to look back.
Jerry: Thanks.
[Jerry takes the skull from Summer]
Jerry: I know the perfect place for it, which is why I'm going to put it somewhere else because everything's bullshit, am I right?
[Summer embraces Jerry]
Jerry: Cool.
[Summer lets go of Jerry]
Summer: So lots of hookers outside, huh?
Jerry: Is that what they are?
[Transition to Jerry at a mailbox, whistling, taking out some mail and holding a bag of chips. He turns around and sees a wolf]
Jerry: Ahh! H-Hello there. Nice doggy. You-You want a snack? You-You want my unemployment check?
[The wolf growls]
You can tell the difference?
[The wolf growls]
And you want this one?
[The wolf growls]
But this is actual food, and this would nourish you. And this it's just paper that only has value to me. Unless my suffering is your nourishment?
[The wolf howls]
Jesus, okay.
[Jerry puts the envelopes with his unemployment checks in the wolf's mouth. The wolf chews them up, then spits them out onto the ground. It walks away. Jerry stands still, holding the bag of chips. Some leaves blow in the wind.]
Wind: (faintly) ...loser...
[Configure Reference Popups]This article is a transcript of the Rick and Morty episode Rixty Minutes from Season 1, which aired on March 17, 2014.
Int. Smith Residence. The Smith Family and Rick are sitting in the living room watching TV.
Bachelor (on TV): Cynthia...
Jerry: Oh, my God! No, no..!
Summer: I told you!
Beth: Hold on.
Bachelor (on TV): Will you please... NOT marry me-- I choose Veronica.
Summer: What?
Jerry: Yes!
Beth: Called it.
Summer: Why would he choose Veronica?
Jerry: Because he loves her?
Rick: Well if it's any consolation, Summer, none of it mattered, and the entire show is stupid.
Jerry: Okay, I've got an idea, Rick: you show us your concept of "good TV", and we'll crap all over that.
Rick : [stands, walking to the TV] I thought you'd never ask.
[disconnects and drops cable box, which breaks upon impact to the floor]
Jerry: Hey!
Morty: Oh, cool! Is that crystallized Zanthonite? It conducts electrons across dimensions.
Rick: [working on the cable box] 20% accurate, as usual, [snatching the remote from Morty] Morty. [reconnecting the cable box as the TV buffers] The important thing being I just upgraded our cable package with programming from every conceivable reality.
Jerry: Wait, does that mean we get Showtime Extreme?
Rick: How about Showtime Extreme in a world where man evolved from corn? [turns on TV]
Corn Man 1 (on TV): We're not so different. We're both corn of action.
Corn Man 2 (on TV): Yeah... But one of us is dead corn! [shoots Corn Man 1]
Summer: Boring.
Rick: Summer, [belch] you just spent [belch] three months watching a man choose a fake wife.
Jerry: So, what, It'd be better if the people were corn?
Rick: Jerry, you don't get it. This is infinite TV, from infinite universes. Look. [changes channel]
Glenn (on TV): This shit is delicious.
Rick: A movie about a guy eating shit. [changes channel, various people are fighting on TV] A violent Antiques Show... [changes channel]
Letterman (on TV): It's a pleasure to have you.
Jerry (on TV): The pleasure's all mine.
Rick: Letterman from a time line where Jerry's famous. [changes channel]
Jerry: Wait!
Beth: What in the hell?
Rick: I agree. Where's this going?
Jerry: No, the other thing! Go back!
Rick: Really? All right, fine.
Woman (on TV): Glenn, this is a court order. It says you can't eat shit anymore.
Rick: All right, Jerry, when you're right, you're right. Now I'm hooked.
Int. Smith Residence. The Smith Family and Rick are sitting in the living room watching TV.
Announcer (on TV): Coming up next on "Shmloo's the Shmloss", Shmlony has a nightmare.
Shmlony (on TV): Shmlantha, Schmlona!
Rick: Amazing. A dimension where all proper nouns begin with "Schmla".
Shmlony (on TV): Schmlove, Schmlandula, Schmlonathan--
Rick: All right, that got that actually got old pretty quick.
Jerry: [sighs] Rick, would you please go back to me on David Letterman?
Rick [flipping through the channels]: Infinity's a big number, Jerry. I don't remember the channel.
Beth: Go back, go back!
Rick: Jeez. [changes channel]
Jerry (on TV): You speak da tru-tru.
Summer: Oh my God! Dad's in "Cloud Atlas"!
Jerry: I'm in "Cloud Atlas"! What's "Cloud Atlas"?
Jerry (on TV): Sometimes small tru-tru different than da big tru-tru.
Beth: How is this possible?
Rick: Infinite time lines, infinite possibilities. Including a time line where Jerry's a movie star. Look, you guys are getting excited about the wrong aspect of this device. Ju-- Wa-- Look at this. [changes channel]
Host in Trenchcoat (on TV): And now, another Quick Mystery.
Cop (on TV): I just want to know who could've done something like this. It's a travesty!
Killer 1 (on TV): I did. See this knife and all the blood on it? Here's my fingerprints.
Judge (on TV): Guilty! I sentence you to life in prison.
[Killer 1 is thrown in jail]
Host in Trenchcoat (on TV): Here's another Quick Mystery.
Man (on TV): My mother's dead! Killer 2 (on TV): And I killed her. Here's the weapon. And cuff me, thank you very much.
Judge (on TV): Guilty! Sentenced to murder.
[Killer 2 is killed via electric chair]
Host in Trenchcoat (on TV): Here's anothe--
Killer 3 (on TV): I'm the killer! [puts gun in mouth, firing it once offscreen]
Host in Trenchcoat (on TV): Wow, that one was really quick, wasn't it?
Rick: Now who wants to watch random, crazy TV shows from different dimensions a-a-and then who wants to narcissistically obsess about their alternate self?
Beth, Summer, and Jerry [all at once]: Narcissism. The narcisstic stuff. I want to obsess about myself.
Rick: [sighs] Here. [stands, pulling an ocular device from his coat] These scan your retinas, and let you view parallel time lines through genetically matching versions of your eyes. [throws the device into the kitchen] Go fetch!
[Jerry, Summer, and Beth run to the kitchen] Beth and Summer [at the same time]Yes! This is so cool! Ladies First!
Rick: I'm proud of you, Morty.
Morty: Hey man, I don't give a crap about myself, Rick. Let's watch some crazy stuff, yo!
Ants-In-My-Eyes Johnson (on TV): I'm Ants-In-My-Eyes Johnson, Here at Ants-in-My-Eyes Johnson's Electronics. I mean, there's so many ants in my eyes! And there's so many TVs, microwaves, radios I think, I can't-- I'm not 100% sure what we have here in stock, because I can't see anything. Our prices, I hope, aren't too low! Check out this refrigerator! Only $200! What about this microwave? Only $100! That's fair! I'm Ants-in-My-Eyes Johnson! Everything's black, I can't see a thing! [set on fire] And also I can't feel anything either-- did I mention that? But that's not as catchy as having ants in your eyes. So that always goes, you know, off by the wayside. I can't feel. It's a very rare disease. All my-- All my nerves, they don't allow for the sensation of touch. So I never know what's going on. Am I standing? Sitting? I don't know.
Int. Smith Residence. Jerry, Beth, and Summer are in the kitchen with the Ocular Device.
Beth: Are we sure we want to do this? Look at our own alternate lives?
Jerry
 You're right. Maybe we should just play Yahtzee--
[grabs the device] Give me those! [turns switch]
Beth
 What do you see?
Jerry
 Whiteness... Pure whiteness.
Johnny Depp (on Device)
 You're my best friend, Jerry Smith. I love doing cocaine with you.
Jerry
 Whoa! I love doing cocaine with you too, Johnny Depp!
Beth
 [sighs, taking the device] Haven't we spent enough time on you?
[turns switch] I'm performing surgery... but not on a horse, on a human!
Jerry
 That's great, Beth! You always wanted to be a real surgeon.
Beth [taking off device]
 I am a real surgeon.
Jerry
 Ahh, uh-- Summer's turn! [giving Summer the device]
Summer
 Finally! I don't see anything.
Beth
 Well, you should select a different timeline, I mean, if your father and I achieved our dreams, there's a chance you weren't even born-- That came out wrong, that came out very wrong.
Summer
 Fine, I'll find a world where you bothered to have me. [turns switch a few times] We're playing Yahtzee.
Beth
 Yahtzee's fun. We love Yahtzee.
Jerry
 It's a fun game for fun families! Hey, could I get those goggles back for a second?
Int. Smith Residence. Rick and Morty are sitting in the living room watching TV.
Announcer (on TV)
 It's a 45 horsepower with anti-lock brakes, and it's the official car of Mr.
Sneezy 3D. It's the brand-new Sneezy XL. The horn when you honk it makes a sneeze noise. [car sneezes] It's polite, it's right, and it's Sneezy Deezy Mc Deluxe.
Mr. Sneezy 3D (on TV)
 Oh, I'm Mr. Sneezy! Achoo!
Morty
 Huh, seems like TV from other dimensions has a somewhat looser feel to it.
Rick
 Yeah, it's got an almost improvisational tone. [changes channel]
Announcer (on TV)
 It's in theaters now! Coming this summer: Two brothers. In a van. And then a meteor hit. And they ran as fast as they could, from giant cat monsters. And then a giant tornado came and that's when things got knocked into 12th gear.
A Mexican armada shows up. With weapons made from Two--tomatoes. And you better bet your bottom dollar that these two brothers know how to handle business. In: Alien Invasion Tomato Monster Mexican Armada Brothers, Who Are Just Regular Brothers, Running In a van from an Asteroid and All Sorts of Things THE MOVIE! Hold on, there's more! Old women are coming, and they're also in the movie, and they're gonna come, and cross attack these two brothers. But let's get back to the brothers, because they're-- they have a strong bond. You don't want to know about it here, but I'll tell you one thing: The moon it comes crashing into Earth. And what do you do then? It's two brothers and--and th-they're It's called Two brothers. Two brothers! [starts laughing] It's just called Two Brothers.
Int. Smith Residence. Jerry, Beth, and Summer are in the kitchen with the Ocular Device.
Beth
 Holy crap, I am winning a Nobel Prize.
Jerry [taking the device]
 Come on! Time's up!
[turns switch] I'm taming a lion! No, wait, uhh there are film cameras. I might be a lion-tamer in a movie. [gives Summer the device] You get the idea. I work with lions.
Summer [turning switch]
 [dryly] Ooh, we're not playing Yahtzee, [shoves device into Jerry's hands] we're playing Chutes and Ladders. It seems like when I exist, life gets a little more, I don't know, predictable?
Beth
 When two people create a life together, they set aside their previous lives as individuals.
Jerry
 Gimme a break! We're not heroes for having unprotected sex on prom night.
Beth
 Oh, I get it. Now that you know you could have had it better, you resent me for holding you back.
Jerry
 Well now that we know you think the tables are turning, we know you thought there were unturned tables!
Beth
 [scoffs] What are you talking about?
Jerry
 All this time, you've been thinking, "What if that loser Jerry hadn't talked me out of the abortion?"
Summer
 Um--
Jerry
 Well now you know: you'd be a doctor. [circles finger] Whoop-dee-doo. You'd also be drinking wine, alone in a house full of exotic birds. And I'd be on DiCaprio's yacht-- [holds up device] banging Kristen Stewart!
Summer
 You thought about getting an abortion?
Beth
 Everyone thinks about it. Obviously, I'm the version of me that didn't do it. So you're welcome.
Jerry
 Yeah, you're welcome.
Summer
 Yeah, thank you guys so much. It's a real treat to be raised by parents that force themselves to be together instead of being happy.
Rick [walking to the cupboard]
 Hey, do we have any wafer cookies? [grabs cookie box. eats cooke and starts walking away] Mm! [stops and looks back at Jerry, Summer and Beth] Oh, boy. Looks like you guys have been checking out alternate lives and realizing you don't have it as good, huh? That's too bad. You know, me and Morty are having a blast, We just discovered a show called "Ball Fondlers". I mean, I don't want to rub it in or anything, but you guys clearly backed the wrong conceptual horse. [eats another cookie, walking offscreen]
Int. Smith Residence. Rick and Morty are sitting in the living room watching TV.
Rick
 I'm in heaven right now. [eating wafer cookies]
Morty
 This might be the best day of my life.
Int. Smith Residence. Jerry, Beth, and Summer are in the kitchen.
Beth
 So now what do we do?
Jerry
 That show "Ball Fondlers" sounded kind of interesting.
Summer
Jerry
 What? They're having fun in there! What do you guys want from me? Every family on this block has to wonder if they're together by choice. Our family just has inter-dimensional goggles to show us for a fact that we're not.
Summer
 We'll I'm leaving!
Beth
 You can't leave, you're 17!
Summer
 Yeah, and I'm not pregnant. I'm gonna have better judgment than you guys had at my age.
I'm gonna... move to the southwest and-- I don't know, do something with turquoise. [walks offscreen]
Int. Smith Residence. Rick and Morty are sitting in the living room watching TV.
[Summer storms off, passing in from of the TV]
Announcer (on TV)
 Saturday Night Live! Starring a piece of toast! Two guys, with handle-bar mustaches! A man painted silver who makes robot noises! Garmanarnar! Three s-- uh uh, uh, uh, I'll get back to that one A hole in the wall, where the men can see it all and returning, for his 25th consecutive year: Bobby Moynihan!
Rick
 Interesting fun fact, uh, Moynihan and piece of toast hate each other. Apparently they've got some real creative differences. [changes channel]
Fake Doors Salesman (on TV)
 Hey, are you tired of real doors, cluttering up your house, where you open 'em, and they actually go somewhere? [music starts] And you go in another room?
[snaps suspenders]Get on down to "Real Fake Doors"! That's us. Fill a whole room up with 'em. See? Watch, check this out! [tries opening a few doors] Won't open. Won't open. Not this one, not this one. None of 'em open! FakeDoors.com is our website, so check it out for a lot of really great deals on fake doooooooors! [music fades. He walks off the set, still looking at the camera. He gets into he car and starts driving]
Morty
 Hey, wait a minute, Rick. Wh-- I thought this was a commercial. Wh-what's going on? I mean--
Rick: Relax, Morty. Don't-don't worry about it. Let's just just see where this goes.
Fake Doors Salesman (on TV)
 [honks horn]Step on it, we all got places to be! [honks] Son of a bitch!
Morty
 See, that must be where he lives. OK...
Rick: Huh. Making himself a sandwich now..
Fake Doors Salesman (on TV)
 [music starts back up] Hey everybody! So this is my house, I just made a sandwich, peanut butter and jelly, still here, still selling fake doors!
Morty
Rick: Oh, my God! It's still the commercial!
Fake Doors Salesman (on TV)
 We have fake doors like you wouldn't believe! What are you worried about? Come get fake doors. Call us up, and order some fake doors today. Don't even hesitate, Don't even worry and don't even...
Rick: All right, I'm bored. Change it.
Morty
 Wait wait, Rick! Hold on hold on...
Fake Doors Salesman (on TV)
 ...give it a second thought. That's our slogan. See it on the bottom of the screen, below our name. Here's another slogan, right below that one. What are you worried about? Come get fake doors! Get in here quick, get out quicker, with an arm of fake doors in you arms.
Morty
 Okay, okay, you can change it.
Fake Doors Salesman (on TV)
 Don't even worry about it!
[channel changes]
Gazorpazorpfield (on TV)
 [yawns] I hate Mumunmunundsdays. And I really could go for some enchiladas.
Morty
 Hey Rick, that's pretty cool! It's just like Garfield, only instead, it's Gazorpazorpfield.
Rick: Hey, isn't Gazorpazorp where-where uh, where those Sex robots came from, remember? That whole thing?
Morty
 Yeah hey, that's pretty, pretty that's true. That's right!
Rick: Yeah. Let's watch some more Gazorpazorpfield!
Gazorpazorpfield (on TV)
 Hey Jon, it's me, Gazorpazorpfield. Boy, fuck you, Jon. You fucking dumb, stupid, idiot.
Jon (on TV)
 Come on, Gazorpazorpfield, go easy on me, huh?
Gazorpazorpfield (on TV)
 You dumb, stupid, weak, pathetic, white, white uh, uh guilt, white guilt, milquetoast piece of human garbage.
Jon
 Jeez, Gazorpazorpfield, that's-- you know you're pretty mean to me, but that takes the cake.
Gazorpazorpfield (on TV)
 I don't give a fuck! I'm Gazorpazorp-fucking-field, bitch!
[kicks coffee cup over] Now give me my fucking enchiladas!
Morty
 Hey, Rick, you know, di-did they use Bill Murray for this? Sounds a lot like Bill Murray.
Rick: No, Morty, it's Lorenzo Music. In this reality, he's still alive.
Morty
 Oh, okay, was his name Lorenzo Music?
Rick: Yeah, I'm pretty sure. He also did that voice of that one guy from Ghostbusters, which is really strange, because it's the same character Bill Murray played in the movie. But then, when they made the movie Bill Murray did the voice of Gazorpazorp-- or Garfield, I mean.
Morty
 Yeah, that's pretty cool, Rick. So all that happened in this reality too?
Rick: I don't know. Just making conversation with you, Morty. What do you think? I-I-I-I know everything about everything?
Int. Smith Residence. Jerry and Beth are in the kitchen.
Beth
 Did you really talk me out of the abortion? [drinking from a now empty winebox]
Jerry
 Well, we... we blew a tire on the way to the clinic.
Beth
 I think, in my head, I was doing it all for the kids. And now the first kid is going to... do something with turquoise.
Jerry
 Which is either code for crystal meth, or a gateway to it.
Beth
 So, we didn't do the kids any favors. So, we should stay together for each other and ourselves... or...
Jerry
 Or?
Int. Smith Residence. Rick and Morty are sitting in the living room watching TV.
Spokesman (on TV)
 Man. Woman. And now trunk man? We know science has created men that have a trunk that allows them to have sex with both male and female partners.
But we don't like the idea of these people getting married. Put a line in the sand everybody--, people! Vote no on proposition XW2.
Suspender Guy (on TV)
 The act that says that gay uh trunk people can get married. Who needs it?
Garbageman (on TV)
 Not on my watch!
Spokeman (on TV)
 Paid for by Michael Dennys and The Denny Singers.
Trunkperson (on TV)
 Hi, I'm a trunk person. And I want I-I feel love in my heart, too, just like you. I want to be able to express that love, with both a man and a woman. And I won't be able to if Denny and The Denny Singers get their way.
New Yorker (on TV)
 Hey, let the trunk people have sex and get married, huh?
Spokesman (on TV)
 Paid for by... Trunk People.
Mr. Tophat Jones (on TV)
 Oh, I love me Strawberry Smiggles! Ooh, I hope nobody ever gets my hands on me, and tries to steal my Strawberry Smiggles. I'm going to eat every last one of them, because and then they'll be in my stomach, and nobody will ever be able to eat them. Except for me, because they're going to be all inside my stomach. I'm my name is Mister... Tophat Jones, and God forbid anyone ever take my sniggy, little pig-dul smiggles. I'm keeping 'em all for me.
[eating the Strawberry Smiggles] Last bite. Oh, now they are all resting comfortably in my stomach. Ooh, am I feeling good.
[two children come onto screen, one with a knife and one with a roll of tape]
Mr. Tophat Jones (on TV)
 No! Get away from me! Get away from me and my Strawberry Smiggles! No!
[he's knocked over and bound. the girl guts his stomach open with the knife and the children process to eat the cereal from him] [screaming in agony] Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! It hurts! My entrails are out! Why would you even want to eat these? They're-they're soaked with my stomach acid! Oh, Jesus Christ! Lord and savior and spirit! Save me! Take me to the light! Oh, my God, I see Demons! I see demons are coming!
Morty
 Jeez, Rick. Oh my god! That's some pretty hardcore stuff, you know, for a cereal commercial.
Rick: Well, you know, Morty, I mean, you want to sell boxes of cereal, you gotta, you gotta, pump the gas a little. Pedal t-to the metal, Morty.
Announcer (on TV)
 In a world, where muscular mannies, are coming, and they're coming strong, there's only three unmuscular Michaels.
Unmuscular Michael 1 (on TV)
 Get down! Hurry, run!
Announcer (on TV)
 And that's when real turbulent juice is coming, and you gotta take care of it. With turbulent juice, turbulent tables. No room is safe from the turbulent power of turbulent juice.
Morty
 What in the hell?
Rick: Sex sells, Morty.
Morty
 Sex sells what? W-was that a movie, or like, does it clean stuff? [Jerry sits down and sighs, murmuring] Hey, Dad. W-w-what's going on?
Jerry
 Oh, your mother and I are going to be spending some time apart, Morty. And your sister found out she was an unwanted pregnancy.
Morty
 W-w-w-what?
Rick
 Speaking of [belching] what, Morty, [belching] what should we [belch] watch next? What about this? [changes channel]
Police Cheif (on TV)
 Baby Legs, you're a good detective, but not good enough, because of your baby legs. So I'm partnering you up with Regular Legs.
Regular Legs (on TV)
 Hey there.
Baby Legs (on TV)
 Detective, I'm-- this is upsetting to me, because I feel like I don't need no regular-leg partner.
Police Chief (on TV)
 Baby Legs, don't talk back to me. Good luck you two, there's a criminal to kill. [sips coffee]
Regular Legs (on TV)
 Wow! You sure found this guy quick!
Baby Legs (on TV)
 Uh, yeah, because I'm a good detective.
Regular Legs (on TV) [whispering]
 Look, Baby Legs, it's the criminal!
Criminal (on TV)
 Oh, fuck it, I'm the killer. I'm running, running real quick.
Baby Legs (on TV)
 Baby Legs, here we go! [makes whirring noise with mouth] That's the sound I make, when I'm trying to run fast. [falls over] All right, I'm not going to get him. I'm, I-I just learned a real valuable lesson.
regular Legs (on TV)
 I'm coming, Baby Legs! I'm Regular Legs! [tackles the Criminal] We got him!
Baby Legs (on TV)
 Hey, that was good team work.
Police Chief (on TV) Baby Legs, and Regular Legs, I'm proud of you two for working together, and Baby Legs, I know it was hard for you to come to the conclusion that you need a partner. But I'm proud of you that you did it.
Baby Legs (on TV) - Hey thanks, chief!
Police Chief (on TV) Now get the fuck out of here!
Rick: Pretty cool, huh, Morty? [Morty's gone] Oh.
Jerry
 Uh, I thought it was cool.
Rick: I don't give a fuck what you think, Jerry.
Int. Smith Residence. Summer is in her room, packing clothes into her backpack.
Morty [walks in]
 Hey, uh Y-Y-Y-You doin' okay? [she doesn't answer] I-I-I kind of know how you feel, Summer.
Summer
 No, you don't. You're the little brother. You're not the cause of your parents' misery. You're just a symptom of it.
[Beat.]
Morty
 Can I show you something?
Summer
 Morty, no offense, but a drawing of me you made when you were 8 isn't gonna make make me feel like less of an accident.
Morty
 [pointing out the window] That, out there? That's my grave.
Summer
 Wait, what? [walks over to the window]
Morty
 On one of our adventures, Rick and I basically destroyed the whole. World. So, we bailed on that reality, and we came to this one. Because in this one, the world wasn't destroyed. And in this one, we were dead. So we came here, a-a-and we buried ourselves, and we took their place. And every morning, Summer, I eat breakfast 20 yards away from my own. Rotting. corpse.
Summer
 So, you're not my brother?
Morty
 I'm better than your brother. I'm a version of your brother you can trust when he says, "Don't run". Nobody exists on purpose, nobody belongs anywhere everybody's gonna die. Come watch TV.
Int. Smith Residence. Rick and Jerry are sitting in the living room watching TV.
Announcer (on TV)
 Mrs. Sullivan always planned to leave everything to her cats. But sometimes, plans need a helping paw. What are the kitties to do, but buckle together and work as a team.
Business Man (on TV)
 Mrs. Sullivan, I uh, please forgive me for being forward, but your eyes are so beautiful!
Jerry
 Wait, this is an actual movie?
Announcer (on TV)
 This fall, sparks will fly!
Business Man (on TV) [having sex offscreen]
 Mrs. --Ooh, Sullivan-- ohh...
Announcer (on TV)
 Between one guy, who can't get a break...
Business Man (on TV)
 There's something about you, Mrs. Sullivan.
Business Man (on TV)
 ...and 9 cats who break all the rules. Last Will and Testa-meow: Weekend at Dead Cat Lady's House 2.
Jerry
 Well, somebody in Hollywood just lost their job.
Announcer (on TV)
 Written and directed by Jerry Smith.
Jerry
 I wrote and directed that? What am I, nuts?
[Rick and Morty walk in and sit down]
Rick: Hey Morty, you just missed a preview for your Dad's "Citizen Kane".
Morty
 Doesn't matter. [winks at Summer]
Jerry
 Hey, if your, uh, mother and I had to split custody - who would you guys choose?
Summer
 Doesn't matter. [winks at Morty, giving him a fistbump]
Jerry [defeated, quietly]
 Oh...
News Anchor (on TV)
 Breaking News: Academy Award-winning actor Jerry Smith is leading police on a slow-speed pursuit after suffering an apparent breakdown.
[Rick goes to change the channel]
Jerry
 Don't even think about it.
Rick: Come on, Je- Are you kidding me, Jerry? It's just a bunch of dumb tabloid crap.
Jerry [taking then remote]
 It's my life, and we're watching it.
Beth [sitting in the kitchen floor wearing the Ocular Device, drinking]
 [to herself] You did it, Beth. You really nailed it. You're a surgeon. A human surgeon. Yay you win. [sips wine]
Jerry
 Where the hell am I going?
Rick: [belch] What are you asking me for Jerry? [belch] I'm sitting here [belch] trying to figure out why the cops don't just take you out. Th-- [belch] they've got a clear shot to your head. I can't believe our tax dollars pay for this.
Beth (on Device) [doorbell rings]
 [answers door] Jerry? J-Jerry Smith?
[Beth drops her wine] Jerry (on Device)
 Beth Sanchez, I have been in love with you since high school. I hate acting, I hate cocaine, I hate Kristen Stewart. I wish you hadn't gotten that abortion, and I've never stopped thinking about what might've been.
[Beth starts crying and goes to the living room. She drops the device and runs to Jerry, embracing and kissing him]
Rick: [to Morty and Summer] Hey, Ball Fondlers? Huh? Ball Fondlers?
Summer
 Yeah, I could go for some Ball Fondlers.
Morty
--After-Credit Scene-- Int. Smith Residence. The Smith Family and Rick are sitting in the living room watching TV.
Hamster News Anchor (on TV)
 Ha-ha, Hamster-in-Butt-World Weather is done, and now it's sports time, coming up.
Female Hamster (on TV)
 Oh, hello there!
Male Hamster (on TV)
 Good day to you, Miss.
Beth
 So, the hamsters live inside the rectums of those people?
Rick: Yeah, sweetie, they-- that's where they live.
Jerry
 Well, how does that work? I mean, do the butts look like little apartments inside?
Morty
 Yeah! And can they like, leave the butt, and like walk around on their own?
Rick: Look, I don't know! I'm watching the-- same thing you guys are.
Summer Grandpa Rick, if they leave the butt, and the person wanders off, how would they find their butt person again?
Rick: I don't know, Summer! I can't even hear the TV! [stands up, drawing his Portal Gun] All right, that's it. We're just gonna go there, so you idiots can ask your stupid questions all day.
Jerry
[Configure Reference Popups]This article is a transcript of the Rick and Morty episode Something Ricked This Way Comes from
[Open: Smith kitchen, int. Rick, Jerry, Beth are eating breakfast. Rick is building a robot at the table. Jerry is playing Jerry’s Game]
(Rick starts welding. The bulk of the sparks fly towards Jerry, who turns away to dodge the bulk of them. Morty enters the room)
Morty: Hey Rick, I have to make a project for the science fair this weekend. You think you could help me out?
Rick: Whatever.
Jerry: Well, um, traditionally science fairs are a father-son thing.
Rick: Well, scientifically, traditions are an idiot thing.
Beth: [typing on phone] Morty, I think it will be fun for you to work on a science project with your dad.
(Beth sends Morty a text saying “Your father is insecure about his intelligence” which Morty reads)
Morty: [putting away phone, clears throat] Yeah, dad, why don’t we do it together?
Jerry: Yes! You backed the right horse on this one, son! We’ll get out the crayons, brew some coffee and knock this thing out in two or three days.
[Rick finishes the robot he was working on]
Butter robot: What is my purpose?
Rick: Pass the butter.
(Butter robot passes butter)
Rick: Thank you.
Morty: [sighs]
(Summer enters)
Summer: Dad, I need a ride to work.
Jerry: Maybe Rick can give you a ride. I’m helping Morty with science.
Rick: I’m busy.
Summer: Doing what?
Rick: Uh, anything else?
(Summer glares at Rick. Rick glares back)
Butter robot: What is my purpose?
Rick: You pass butter.
Butter robot: Oh my god.
Rick: Yeah, welcome to the club, pal.
[into plays]
[Rick and Summer are in Rick’s spaceship. Rick’s driving, Summer’s in the passenger seat]
Rick: Since when did you have a job?
Summer: Since last week. It’s part time at this little vintage thrift store. My boss is this really smart eccentric old man that treats me nice and values me.
Rick: Wee-ow, can’t wait to meet this fascinating character.
Summer: Please don’t.
[Trans. Summer’s workplace, Needful Things. It’s empty except for Mr Needful, who’s arranging his wares. Mr Goldenfold enters]
Goldenfold: Oh… when did this stop being jamba juice?
Needful: I’ve just recently opened for business, Mr, um, Goldenfold.
Goldenfold: You know my name? That’s disarming.
Needful: I also know you long for female company.
Goldenfold: You know, it has been lonely since the divorce. Some voids can’t be filled with jamba juice.
Needful: This aftershave makes a man quite irresistible to women. Free of charge: one never pays here. Not with money.
Goldenfold: Nothing to read into there! Thanks!
(Goldenfold takes the aftershave and leaves. Rick and Summer enter)
Summer: Sorry I’m late, Mr. Needful. This is my grandpa Rick, he was just leaving.
Rick: (inspecting objects) Huh.
Needful: Tell me Rick, what do you desire?
Rick: Eh, I make my own stuff. So what are you, like, the devil?
Needful: What? Sorry?
Rick: I dunno, store comes out of nowhere, all the shit’s old and creepy; are you the devil? A demon? Leprechaun?
Summer: Grandpa Rick!
Rick: Hey, I’m not judging. I just like to shoot straight. I’m a man of science.
Needful: Ahah. Then perhaps you could make use of this. [picks up microscope] This microscope reveals things beyond comprehension. Hahahaha.
Rick: Hahahahaha.
(The two continue laughing, each getting louder as they try to outdo each other)
Summer: Grandpa, go home and drink!
(Rick snatches the microscope from Mr. Needful and leaves)
[Trans. Int. Smith living room. Morty and Jerry are on the floor surrounded by art supplies]
Jerry: Why don’t we do a model of the solar system? That’s what my dad did with me when I was your age.
Morty: Oh. Ok.
Jerry: You know, Rick’s in his lab making cyborgs and wormholes and all that weird stuff, but this is real science! A man and his boy, making planets! Hey, how ‘bout we use a ping-pong ball for Pluto, and then Jupiter-
Morty: Uh, actually, I don’t think Pluto’s a planet.
Jerry: [laughing] Of course Pluto’s a planet, son, I learned that in the third grade.
Morty: Well, yeah, but, you know, they changed it.
Jerry: Morty, nobody changed the planets.
Morty: I just googled it. Uh, Pluto’s not a planet. They changed it in 2006.
Jerry: Yeah, I heard about that, Morty. And I disagree.
Morty: You… disagree?
Jerry: That’s right. It’s possible to disagree in science, Morty. Pluto was a planet, some committee of fancy assholes disagree, I disagreed back. Gimmie a ping-pong ball.
Morty: Um, ok, I just have to-
Jerry: Go find Rick and go for my head about Pluto?
Morty: Gee-no! Geez! I just gotta go to the bathroom! Dayum!
Jerry: Oh. [coughs] Okay good. This is gonna be fun!
[Trans. Int. garage. Rick’s building a contraption, connected to a laptop and pointing towards the microscope he got from Mr. Needful. Morty walks past to get to the bathroom, but Rick interrupts him before he can get there]
Rick: Hey, Morty, lemme ask you a question real quick. Does evil exist, and if so, can one detect and measure it?
Morty: Um…
Rick: Rhetorical question Morty. The answer is yes, you just have to be a genius.
(The machine scans the microscope. A bar on the laptop marked “IQ” drops to close to 0)
Rick: Your sister’s boss gave me a microscope that would have made me retarded.
Morty: Ooh, oh boy Rick, I don’t think you’re allowed to say that word, you know?
Rick: Uh, Morty, I’m not disparaging the differently abled. I’m stating the fact that if I had used this microscope, it would have made me mentally retarded.
Morty: Okay, yeah, but I don’t think it’s about logic, Rick. I think the word’s just become a symbolic issue for powerful groups that feel like they’re doing the right thing.
Rick: Well that’s retarded.
(Jerry lifts up the garage door)
Jerry: What are you guys talking about?
Rick: Apparently nothing.
Jerry: You asked him if Pluto’s a planet, didn’t you?
Morty: No!
Rick: It’s not.
Jerry: Shut up, Rick.
Rick: Whoa.
Jerry: I don’t care what anyone says. If it can be a planet, it can be a planet again. Planet. Planet planet planet.
(Jerry leaves angrily)
Rick: Stay scientific, Jerry.
[Trans. Needful Things, ext. Mr Goldenfold enters the shop, followed by several women. Shot changes to interior. Mr Needful is at the counter, Summer is dusting. Several customers are shopping]
Goldenfold: This aftershave made women want me but it also made me impotent!
Needful: A price for everything, Mr. Goldenfold. A price… for everything! Muahahahaha!
Goldenfold: (crying) Oh my god! How can I not see this coming? My lust! My greed! I deserve thi-
(Rick enters, kneels down and injects a serum into Goldenfold’s neck)
Rick: This serum should counteract the negative effects.
Goldenfold: [looking into own pants] Holy cats! Ladies, let’s get out of here.
[Goldenfold and co. leave]
Goldenfold (outside): I haven’t learned a thing!
Rick: [giving back microscope] Here. You can have this back.
Needful: You didn’t use it?
Rick: Sure I did. To develop this. It detects and catalogues all your Twilight Zone Ray Bradbury Friday the 13th of series voodoo crap magic. I thought you might want it so you didn’t accidentally sell anybody, say, [scans] a typewriter that generates best-selling murder mysteries, then makes the murders happen in real life? Oooh.
Needful: Be quiet!
Rick: Don’t you want to make sure people know what they’re getting? You’re not intentionally selling [scans] beauty cream that makes ugly ladies pretty but also makes them blind?
(A customer looking at beauty cream leaves in a hurry)
Needful: I find this all quite preposterous!
Rick: Oh, I say, good sir! Oh, harrumph, oh, oh, bobba-doppa-doopa-bo-bo. [scans animal fur scarf being tried on by customer] That’s beautiful, you know it’s going to be wearing you in three hours?
(The customer rushes out. All other customers leave too)
Needful: Do I need to call the police?
Rick: Here, you can use my phone. Don’t worry, it won’t make you deaf because I’m not a hack.
(Mr. Needful slaps the phone out of Rick’s hand. Rick slaps Mr. Needful’s hat off his head)
Summer: Hey! No! Ugh!
(The two start slapping each other. Summer’s protests punctuate the fight)
Rick: Think you’re so great?
Summer: Stop it!
(Summer gets between the two)
Summer: No! Stop! Hey, hey! Stop it right now!
(She pushes them away from each other)
Summer: Grandpa Rick, I like working here!
Rick: You work for the devil!
Summer: So what?
Rick and Needful: So what?
Summer: Yes, so what if he’s the devil, Rick? At least the devil has a job. At least he’s active in the community. What do you do? You eat our food, and make gadgets. Buh bye.
(Summer guides Rick out. On the way, Rick purposely knocks over a vase and slams the door. A ghost flies out and into the ceiling with a cackle)
Rick: Whoops.
Summer: I’m sorry Mr. Needful, I’ll clean that up. I don’t know what I can do about the ghost lady that came out of it, but…
Needful: It’s fine. Summer, you know your grandfather’s right. This store curses people. That’s my business.
Summer: Well, yeah, fast food gives people diabetes and clothing stores have sweatshops. Is there a company hiring teenagers that isn’t evil? This is my first job. You’ve been nice to me, Mr. Needful. You respect me.
Needful: Please, call me the devil.
Summer: I’d rather not, actually.
Needful: Yes, perhaps not during business hours.
[Trans. Smith living room. Morty’s painting planets, Jerry’s on the phone]
Jerry: I told you, I want to file a declaration that Pluto is a planet! … Well, then my son’s going to fail his science class, and when that happens, I’m suing you first! [hangs up] I think I know what the A in NASA stands for.
Morty: Dad, what’s your endgame?
Jerry: Ain’t no game, sucka.
Morty: Why don’t we just make the solar system with eight planets? It’s even easier!
Jerry: Sure, sure, and why don’t we just burn Galileo at the stake for saying the sun is round? Science isn’t always easy, Morty!
(The house starts shaking. Jerry, Morty and the art supplies start flying)
Jerry and Morty: Whoa, whoa! Whoa!
Jerry: What the hell?
(The two fly through the roof. A tractor beam from an alien spacecraft has abducted them)
[Trans. City in Pluto, ext]
[Trans. Plutonian building. The spaceship lands in front of the door and a ramp appears, leading Jerry and Morty downwards. King Flippynips approaches, being carried by four other plutonians]
Flippynips: I’m King Flippynips, ruler of Pluto!
(Flippynips is let down)
Flippynips: We discovered you quite by accident during routine surveillance of your world. You really gave it to those guys at NASA!
Jerry: I was… you know… sometimes science is about conviction.
Flippynips: I’d like to introduce you to a few people that very much agree with you.
Jerry: Oh. I…
(Flippynips leads Jerry and Morty to a balcony overlooking millions of Plutonians, all cheering. Flippynips speaks into a microphone)
Flippynips: Plutonians! Jerry Smith is a scientist from Earth where he’s creating a model of our solar system! Jerry, tell Pluto about your decision!
Jerry: Pluto… is a planet.
Flippynips: Pluto’s a fucking planet, bitch!
Morty: [to himself] Oh man, this is definitely gonna go to his head.
[Trans. Needful things. Mr. Needful is at the counter, serving principal Vagina. Summer is working]
Needful: If it’s athletic prowess you desire, principal Vagina, I might-
Vagina: [taking ball] I’ll take it!
Needful: But I haven’t even-
Vagina: Thank you very very much, great store, great place, bye.
(Principal Vagina leaves)
Needful: Huh. Okay. I must say, Summer, I thought your grandfather’s outburst would have disrupted business, but this is the best weekend I’ve had since Salem!
Summer: Nice! Wholesome delight for lunch?
Needful: Is that the vegan place?
Summer: Yeah, I love their soup.
Needful: I’m kind of souped out.
(A customer enters the store)
Needful: Mrs. Tate, is it? What do you desire?
(She takes an armful of goods and makes to leave)
Needful: Whoa, whoa, slow down, honey!
Tate: Oh, is there a limit? Everything’s free, right?
Summer: Let’s just say… you don’t pay with money. [laughing]
Needful: [laughing] That was perfect.
Tate: You pay with the curses, right?
Needful: Um, I… well-
(She opens the door to leave)
Needful: But Mrs. Tate! Why do you want cursed items?
Tate: Well, I’m going to get the curses removed. At curse purge plus. You know, the guy on TV?
(She points at the TV and leaves. Rick’s on. Mr. Needful turns up the volume)
Needful: What?
Rick (TV): Have you acquired creepy, specific old stuff from an antique or thrift store that grants you powers but fucks with you in unforeseeable ways? Bring it to Curse Purge Plus! I use science to uncurse the items for cash, and you get to keep the powers! This guy got mysterious sneakers to make him run faster! But guess what? He would have had to run until he died, making them worthless. I removed the curse, making them worth, like, I dunno, eight million dollars? See ya at the olympics. This eerily intelligent doll was threatening to murder its family. Now it does their taxes.
Baby (TV): Everything’s deductible.
Rick (TV): Don’t pay for cool stuff with your soul. Pay for it with money. You know, like how every other store in the world works? We’re located at First and Main in old town. Come on, come on down.
Needful: First… and…
Rick (TV): Wubba… lubba… dub dub!
(Mr Needful looks outside and pulls up the blind. Curse Purge Plus is opposite Needful Things. Rick’s flipping them the bird)
Rick (Outside): Wubba lubba dub dub!
Rick (TV): That’s right across the street from Needful Things, where you can get evil items for free!
Needful: Diabolical son of a mother-
(The door opens and customers rush in, looting the place)
[Trans. Pluto. Jerry’s being recorded for a talk show. Morty’s watching]
Hostess: We’re back on Good Morning Pluto, and a very good morning it is for our guest, Earth scientist Jerry Smith, who is making headlines with his bold announcement that is, what Jerry?
Jerry: Pluto is a planet.
Host: [laughing] How about that?
Hostess: Wow. I love it!
(Scroopy Noopers enters from behind Morty)
Scroopy Noopers: Morty Smith. I’m Scroopy Noopers. I’m a scientist. Can I show you something?
Morty: Uh… I’d better not.
Scroopy Noopers: [pulling out a gun] Right now.
[Trans. Plutonian mines. Scroopy Noopers takes Morty for a tour. Machines pump glowing blue rocks to the surface]
Scroopy Noopers: The centre of Pluto, Mr. Smith, is made up of a substance called plutonium. Mines like these suck Plutonium up to the cities, where corporations use it to power everything, from diamond cars to golden showers. And the more we remove, the more Pluto shrinks.
(The planet shakes)
Scroopy Noopers: There it goes again. Just shrank a little. But a few years ago, your scientists had noticed Pluto had gotten so small they couldn’t even call it a planet any more. Should have been our wake up call. But the rich plutonians won’t wake up. And they love your dad telling everyone Pluto’s a planet, because that means they can keep mining until Pluto goes from planet to asteroid to meteor, and finally, poof. [At the last word, he blows a handful of blue dust into the air]
Morty: Um… A party?
Scroopy Noopers: Is everyone in your family an idiot?
Morty: For sure me and my dad are.
Scroopy Noopers: [sigh] Well, all you have to do is get him to admit that, and you could save four billion lives.
Morty: Uh, yeah, you know, the thing is… my dad’s really insecure.
[Trans. Needful things. The store is empty except for Summer, who’s cleaning up, and Mr. Needful, who’s in the back out of view. The shelves are all empty. Summer spots a monkey paw on the floor and picks it up]
Summer: Hm, funny. Mr Needful, out of everything in the store you’ll never guess what we couldn’t get rid of!
(She opens the door to the back room and sees that Mr Needful has hung himself)
Summer: Ah! Oh my god!
(She tries to pull him down. When that fails she pushes at a desk in the corner to try and move it under him, also unsuccessfully)
Summer: Oh my god. (using monkey paw) I wish this desk was lighter!
(One of the paw’s three fingers goes down. She easily pushes the desk under Mr Needful and struggles to untie the noose)
Summer: (using monkey paw) I wish this knot was looser!
(The second finger goes down. The noose comes undone easily and she rushes over and tries to perform CPR, though she doesn’t know how)
Summer: Come on! I don’t… Augh! Wait! What am I doing? (using monkey paw) I wish I knew CPR!
(The third finger goes down. Summer performs CPR)
Summer: One, two, three! One, two, three!
(Mr Needful splutters and regains consciousness)
Needful:[coughing] Ugh, Jesus. What a waste of a monkey paw.
Summer: Mr. Needful! How could you even think of doing something so horrible?
Needful: I’m the devil. What should I do when I fail, give myself an ice-cream?
Summer: You haven’t failed.
Needful: People like Rick are making me obsolete. I mean seriously, I may be the devil but your grandpa is the devil! I just want to go back to hell where everybody thinks I’m smart and funny.
Summer: No! It’s not fair. Everyone in this town got something they wanted from you, even Rick! I was your only friend, and I get nothing?
Needful: Okay, I’ll give you one thing. Name it.
Summer: I wanna help you.
Needful: Clever twist.
Summer: I learned from the best, you old fart. Now let’s go get you hydrated.
[Trans. Curse Purge Plus, int. Customers are bringing up their items to be scanned and treated]
Rick: Looks like we’ve got… haunted boxing gloves that will make you the heavyweight champion, in 1936 and then you’ll be trapped there winning the same fight for eternity. I can take out the eternity, and the padding, and then you’ll have some time travelling mittens.
(Summer enters with a box of items)
Rick: Oh, look, it’s Rosemary’s baby! How’s business?
Summer: Here’s the last of our inventory. We’re going to file chapter 11 and do some restructuring.
Rick: Sounds like code for ‘You win, Rick!’
Summer: That was important to you, wasn’t it?
Rick: Nope, it was important to your dumb devil friend. To me this was all just a bit like when Bugs Bunny fucks with the opera singer for twenty minutes.
Summer: He tried to kill himself.
Rick: Seriously? Holy crap. Holy crap.
Summer: But you know what, grandpa Rick? He’s strong. And he’s never going to give up.
Rick: Uh huh, yeah, I don’t care.
Summer: Oh, I know. Everyone knows you don’t care.
Rick: So?
Summer: So… have fun not caring.
Rick: I always do.
Summer: Good.
Rick: Yeah, it is good. It’s the best.
Summer: I’m sure it is. Bye.
Rick: Later!
(Summer leaves)
Customer: I’m here to pick up my undead cat and child.
Rick: Yeah, uh, gimmie a sec.
Employee: These are the forms for the employee health plan.
Rick: Alright, yeah, uh, put ‘em on my… eh.
(He pours gasoline on the floor and sets it on fire)
Rick: I just got bored. Everybody out.
[Trans. Pluto. Morty and Jerry are in suits in the passenger seats of an alien car. Jerry is fussing over his appearance in a small mirror)
Jerry: Alright, just one more rally, then I promise, we’ll get back to your science project.
Morty: Dad, Pluto isn’t a planet! It’s shrinking because of corporations!
Jerry: Yeah, that’s what that anti-planet nutjob Scroopy Noopers was screaming about outside the Ministry of Moneys fundraiser. Are you telling me four billion plutonians are wrong?
Morty: You told me science wasn’t easy!
Jerry: I said science isn’t always easy, obviously that means sometimes it is easy. Let’s not debase ourselves with word games, son.
Morty: Dad, their whole planet is dying!
Jerry: Hah! You called it a planet! Checkmate.
(The car parks and Jerry gets out, to fanfare)
Jerry: What’s up, Pluto?
[Trans. Plutonian ball. Music is playing. Jerry is being treated like a celebrity. He’s approached by a plutonian woman and man]
Plutonian woman: Mr. Smith, please! Tell my friend here what you just told me, go on.
Jerry: My Very Eager Mother Just Served Us Nine Pickles, and the pickles is Pluto.
(The plutonian man does a spit take)
Plutonian man: My god! The man’s a genius!
Morty: Um, excuse me? [taps champagne glass with spoon]
Jerry: Morty, what?
Morty: Dad, what did you think about the recent report published by the Pluto Science Reader, linking plutoquakes, sinkholes and surface shrinkage to deep core plutonium drilling?
Jerry: ...Well son, what did you think when you were five, and you pooped your pants, and you threw your poopy undies out your bedroom window because you thought it was like throwing something in the garbage?
Plutonians: [laughing]
Jerry: I mean, I’m trimming the hedges and these things are just hanging there, was I supposed to think the poop bunny left them?
Morty: Good one, dad.
(Morty leaves)
[Trans. Smith house, int. Rick’s home alone, looking into various rooms]
Rick: [looks into Morty’s room] Hey Morty, you wanna go on a- oh. [goes into kitchen] Hey Beth? Hello? [Goes into living room] Hey Jerry, you in here being stupid? [sighs]
(Rick eats dinner at the table alone. The butter robot deposits an entire block of butter into Rick’s dinner without being asked. Rick throws the butter away)
Rick: Thanks. Hey, y’know, I was thinking I might watch a movie…
Butter robot: I am not programmed for friendship.
Rick: Suit yourself.
[Morty lands and comes back in. Rick pretends not to be too happy about it]
Rick: Hey! [clears throat] Hey. What’s going on?
Morty: Um… listen, can you help me do this stupid science fair project?
Rick: Whatever.
[Trans. Pluto. Jerry is preparing for another rally with King Flippynips]
Flippynips: Jerry, you must be so excited! The Plutobell Prize is the highest honour a scientist can receive!
Jerry: I’m flattered, and humbled.
Flippynips: Ooh, I like that. Use that in your speech. Also, talk about Pluto being a planet, people like that.
Policeman: Your highness! We’ve captured Scroopy Noopers!
(Scroopy Noopers is dragged in with his hands behind his back by two policemen)
Scroopy Noopers: You animals! Animals!
Flippynips: Ooh, look whose little journey’s come to an end! Take him to Plutonimo Bay!
Scroopy Noopers: You can’t kill the truth, father!
Jerry: What?
Flippynips: I can see you’re confused. Plutonimo bay is a military prison, a sort of play on words-
Jerry: Did he call you father? Scroopy Noopers, the anti-planet nutjob is your son?
Flippynips: The young eat the old if you let them, Jerry. Pluto is a cold, cold celestial dwarf.
Jerry: It’s a what?
Flippynips: Huh? Oh- planet! Hah! Hoh, Pluto is a cold cold planet! That’s what I meant. Knock ‘em dead out there, you. [sips champagne]
[Trans. Award ceremony. Jerry is giving his acceptance speech]
Jerry: Pluto is…
(He looks down at the card, which just says “Pluto = planet.” In the crowd is a young Plutonian who strongly resembles Morty. Jerry tears up)
Jerry: [sigh] Not a planet.
Crowd: Boo! [throws things]
Jerry: Ow! It’s not a planet! Hey! It’s not a planet! I’m an idiot, and I love my son!
(Jerry is forcefully dragged away)
[Trans. N33dful.com launch meeting. Summer and Mr Needful are standing in front of a screen saying “n3”]
Needful: It’s been a long six hours, but we’ve overhauled Needful Things into the globally compliant, web 4.0 e-nomenon, n33dful.com! Spelled with 3s instead of Es.
Crowd: Woot! Yeah! Woot! Excited!
Needful: Okay, that’s it! We just got bought by Google!
Crowd: Yeah!
(Summer hugs Mr. Needful)
Summer: Mmh! I’m so proud of you, Lucius. So… how much did we make?
Needful: Haha. ‘We.’ [pushes Summer away] This is my business! Security!
(Security comes and takes Summer away)
Summer: Ah! You’re Zuckerberging me?
Needful: I was Zuckerberging people before Zuckerberg’s balls dropped. I’m the devil, beeyotch! What what!
(He jumps on the table and plays the fiddle)
[Trans. Smith house, ext. Jerry is dropped unceremoniously on the ground. His suit is torn, he has a black eye and an injured leg]
Jerry: Hey!
(He flips off the spaceship and limps inside to Morty’s room. Morty’s pants are off, but his pubic area is hidden by a laptop)
Jerry: Hey Morty.
Morty: Oh! Hey dad! [closes laptop] Um… What are you doing back from Pluto so quick?
Jerry: Ah, some people just can’t handle the truth. Especially dummies like me. Morty, I’m not as smart as your grandpa Rick, but I promise never to make that your problem again.
Morty: Hey, dad? Nobody’s smarter than Rick. But nobody else is my dad. You’re a genius at that.
Jerry: Wow… that’s humbling… and flattering, son. Thank you. What say we finish ourselves an 8-planet solar system?
Morty: Um… I’m just going to take this thing in and… get an A. [Holds up butter robot]
Butter robot: Butter.
Jerry: But-
Morty: You’re a genius at being my dad, dad. Quit while you’re ahead. And also, knock next time, you know? I mean, I’m sitting in here, I’m 14! I got a computer in here, you know!
Jerry: Oh. I uh- I think I underst-
Morty: You know you’re really playing with fire when you burst in here like that, man.
Jerry: I get it! Say no more.
Morty: I mean, one of these days, you know, you’re gonna, you’re gonna end up seeing something-
Jerry: I got it! Noted! Goodnight!
[Trans. Living room. The lights are off. Rick’s watching Ball Fondlers. Summer comes in with mascara smears down her face, as if she’s been crying. She turns on the light]
Rick: How’s your pretend grandpa doing AKA the devil?
Summer: He dumped me.
Rick: Oof, sorry.
(Summer makes her way to the couch and sits down, and wipes the mascara off her face. Rick makes room)
Summer: Did we learn a lesson here I’m not seeing?
Rick: Hm, not sure.
Summer: Maybe in a much bigger way, Mr. Needful gave us both what we really wanted? Because I was always jealous of you hanging out with Morty and you didn’t realise how much you valued my approval?
Rick: No, that’s dumb.
Summer: Nah, not satisfying.
Rick: I’ll tell you what though, if it’s satisfaction you’re after, I think I might have an idea. [whispers]
Summer: [listening] Uh huh… uh huh… uh huh totally let’s do it!
[X Gon’ Give It To Ya by DMX starts playing. Summer and Rick have a montage of them doing normal family bonding activities, such as weightlifting and doing steroids together. As the song progresses they get more buff. The music stops]
[Trans. Mr Needful giving a speech]
Needful: And that’s how I took my storefront into the forefront of the upfront! Thank you Seattle!
(The audience applauds. Summer and Rick break down the back of the stage and start beating up Mr. Needful. The audience stops applauding and someone screams)
Needful: Rick? Summer?
Rick: Stupid mother-
Summer: Stupid bitch!
Rick: Stupid motherfucker!
Summer: Get some!
Rick: How do you like that! Augh! How do you like that?
(Mr. Needful is thrown onto the ground. He has a black eye, a few bruises and seems to be injured. Rick and Summer look down at him from above)
Needful: Ugh… Why?
Summer: (lifting Mr. Needful by the neck of his shirt) Because sometimes what you really need is for someone else to pay a horrible price.
(She drops him and lifts her fist as if to punch again. Mr. Needful cowers. Summer spits on him)
[Trans. Outside a coffee shop. Rick and Summer are both drinking coffee]
Rick: We did it!
Summer: Haha, yeah bro. Yeah! Haha!
Rick: Was totally worth it! We did it, hahaha! We just pulled it off!
Summer: Yeah bro!
Rick: Hahaha!
Summer: Yeah.
[Credits]
[Post credits scene: X Gon’ Give It To Ya starts playing. Rick and Summer beat up a nazi wearing suspenders, a schoolyard bully, a man holding a “God hates fags!” sign and a man walking his dog who yanks its collar hard when it tries to stop]
[End]
[Configure Reference Popups]
Rick: Anyway, that's how I escaped from space prison! Oh, scary place.
Morty: Wow, Rick! That's -- That's one -- one heck of a story. I sure do wish I could have been there to see it happen.
Rick: Oh, come on. Who wants to watch a mad scientist use handmade sci-fi tools to take out highly trained alien guards when we can sit here and be a family at Shoney's?
Beth: Dad, it's great to have you back, no matter where we are, but wouldn't you like to go home?
Rick: Emotionally speaking, honey, Shoney's is my home.
Jerry: Yeah, but you just got out of prison. I mean, how much of a step up from that is --
Rick: Jerry, get out of the booth, take all your clothes off, and fold yourself 12 times.
Jerry: You got it. [ Grunting ]
Rick: Six folds, huh? W-W-What, have you guys got me in a Series 9000? You cheap insect [bleep] didn't think I was worth your best equipment?
Cornvelious Daniel: [ Chuckles ] Man, I told the money bugs. I said, "You know who this guy is, right? You want me to get intel out of the smartest mammal in the galaxy, you better give me a decent brainalyzer.
Rick: Well, you might as well order some pancakes, because I don't see the need to leave this part of my brain.
Cornvelious Daniel: Oh, I think you do. Eventually, you're either gonna relax your cerebellum.
Rick: Shoney's.
Cornvelious Daniel: Or the Series 9000 is going to turn it into mush.
[ Farts ]
Rick: Relaxed enough? [ Chuckles ]
Cornvelious Daniel: I admire you, Rick--
[ Farts ]
Rick: [ Laughs ]
Cornvelious Daniel: When I-- [ Farts ]
Rick: [ Laughs ]
Cornvelious Daniel: Rick, here's-- [ Farts ]
Rick: [ Laughs ]
Gromflomite Captain: What's going on?
Gromflomite Worker: It's hard to tell. He may have manifested some sort of butt.
Gromflomite Captain: He can do that?
Gromflomite Worker: He is the smartest man in the universe.
Transition to Smith residence
Jerry: [ Sighs contently ] I tell ya, the Galactic Federation taking over Earth -- best thing that's ever happened to this family. I just got my sixth promotion this week, and I still don't know what I do.
Summer: Who cares how high they promote you? Everyone just gets paid in pills.
Jerry: Well, when you're not sure what you do for a living, youcan make your own rules.
Beth: Summer, show your father some respect. He's pulling down a six-chewable figure income.
[ Bottle shatters ]
Conroy: I'll get that in a moment. How are everyone's pills? Oh, Morty, you've hardly touched your pills.
Morty: I kind of had big pills for lunch, and I [muffled] wasn't gonna eat any more pills. [ Gulps ] Thank you, Conroy.
Jerry: You spoil us, Conroy.
Summer: [Slams hands on table] Grandpa Rick wouldn't put up with this!
Beth: [Bangs fist on table] Stop saying his name! He abandoned us.
Jerry: [Bangs fist on table] Willem Dafoe! Th-That's the guy I couldn't think of this morning.
Beth: Don't make my mistake, Summer. Don't deify the people that leave you. You'll end up a horse surgeon in a world controlled by aliens whose medicine keeps horses [ Sobs ] healthy forever. [ Sniffles ] Horses live longer than tortoises now. Is that what you want for yourself?
Summer: Maybe I just want you to care if I run away yelling!
Conroy: Who saved room for pill brûlée?
Jerry: Ooh! [ Chuckles ]
Transition to Shoney's
Convelious Daniel: I can see why you chose this family-friendly restaurant to represent your cerebellum. So safe, so comfortable, so Shoney's. But admit it, Rick -- you're going crazy cooped up in here. Let's go visit some memories.
Rick: Oh, any particular ones? You want to see my first boner, or should we go straight to the moment I discovered interdimensional travel?
Cornvelious Daniel: [ Squeals ]
Rick:' Ooh, your little flappy doodles are twitching. Does that mean you're aroused, or did you just get a signal that one of your buddies found a grape?
Cornvelious Daniel: It's arousal. Yes, I'd like very much to visit the memory of you inventing your portal gun.
Rick: Yeah, well, tough titties.
[ Rumbling ]
Convelious Daniel: There's no tougher titty than a psychotic break, Rick.
Rick: Well, that depends on who breaks first -- me or the titty.
Cornvelious Daniel: Someone special you remember? Is that your memory of her out there -- between where you were on 9/11 and your favorite sports blooper?
[ Whooshing ]
Cornvelious Daniel: If we stay here, you'll die, along with all your memories. If you take me where I want to go she'll be there, too, won't she?
Rick: The day I invented the portal gun is the day I lost her.
Cornvelious Daniel: Oh, that sounds cool. I can get what I want and you can say goodbye.
Rick: [ Sighs ] Fine, but I'm driving.
9/11 Memory Rick: --as an excuse to strip away our freedom!
Transition to the Garage
Morty: Huh? What are you -- What are you doing?
Summer: Grandpa Rick must have some secret lab, right? With, like, laser guns and jets packs and a space tank! And we can go break him out of prison! Look at these dead flies! Maybe if we arrange them in a certain order, it plays a hologram or it opens a secret door.
Morty: Summer, you're freaking me out. I know things have changed a lot, and I know you miss Rick, but getting him back wouldn't make things better. And, you know, we're not doing so bad.
Summer: We're miserable, Morty! There's a mandatory curfew, their weird calendar made me 47, and they weaponized the Eiffel Tower!
Morty: Hey, I like being 35. I-I can rent a car now.
Summer: Because you suck! You've been keeping your lip zipped about it since Grandpa got arrested, but the fact is, you're freaking stoked to bail on him.
Morty: He bails on everybody! He bailed on Mom when she was a kid! He -- He bailed on tiny planet! And in case I never made this clear to you, Summer, he bailed on you. He left you to rot in a world that he ruined because he doesn't care! Because nobody's special to him, Summer, not even himself. So, if you really want your grandpa back, grab a shovel. The one that won't let you down is buried in your backyard!
Summer: You're right!
Morty: What?! No, I'm not right. I-I was using ghoulish overkill! Ghoulish overkill, Summer!
[ Summer grunting ]
[ Thunder crashes ]
Morty: Oh, God! Oh, God! Whoa, whoa!
[ Thunder crashes ]
Transition into Rick's mind
Cornvelious Daniel: Where are we going?
Rick: To the day it all began and ended. The moment that changed everything.
McDonald's Drive-thru speaker: Welcome to McDonald's. Can I take your order?
Rick: Yeah, I'd like to get a 10-piece McNugget and a bunch of the Szechuan sauce. Like, as much as you're allowed to give me. In 1998, they had this promotion for the Disney film "Mulan," where they -- where they -- they created a new sauce for the McNuggets called Szechuan sauce, and it's delicious! And then they got rid of it, and now it's gone. This is the only place we're gonna be able to try it, is in my memory.
Cornvelious Daniel: Rick, you're doing this bit while your brain is melting.
Rick: Okay. All right, all right.
Cornvelious Daniel: Is that--
Rick: Me. I used to wear blue pants.
[ Zapping ]
Cornvelious Daniel: When'd you make the leap to interdimensional travel?
Rick: I didn't. I did.
[ Whooshing ]
Alternate
Rick: Well, well, well. If it isn't us. You know the worst part about inventing teleportation? Suddenly, you're able to travel the whole galaxy, and the first thing you learn is, you're the last guy to invent teleportation. Fortunately, you're about to invent something much more powerful.
Cornvelious Daniel: [ Squeals ]
Young Rick: What?
Transition to Smith backyard
[ Thunder crashes ]
Morty: Summer, nobody has to know about that. We could put it right back and pretend we never saw it, like we did with Dad's mannequin leg.
Summer: Fine, stay here. I'll rescue Grandpa myself.
Morty: And how are you gonna do that?
Summer: I don't know yet. I'll make it up as I go. That's what Grandpa Rick does. That's what heroes do.
Morty: Y-You want to see what a hero Rick is? I-I'll bring you somewhere, Summer. Um-
Conroy: My goodness, children. [ Stern robotic voice ] Relinquish the illegal technology to the nearest Federation representative. [ Normal voice ] And then we'll all play Balderdash.
[ Both whimper, scream ]
[ Whooshing ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Farting ]
[ Grunts ]
Conroy: Oh, my goodness! Oh, oh! My goo-- [ Crackling ]
Summer (C-137): Oh, my God. I have that exact same top.
Summer: What is this place? And what's with "Hunger Games" Summer?
Morty: That's my sister. This used to be my home.
Transition to Rick's mind
Alternate
Rick: Imagine doing anything you want, then hopping to a timeline where you never did it. Imagine going anywhere, anytime, with nobody able to stop you.
Young
Rick: Sounds lonely.
Alternate
Rick: Lonely? Dude, you have yourself -- your infinite selves. It's a nonstop party where all the guests are the only person we like. You think it's cool being the smartest man on Earth, but once we give you this technology, you become the smartest thing in every conceivable universe -- the Infinite Rick, a god.
Young
Rick: Eh, pass.
Alternate
Rick: Excuse me? Bro, Ricks don't pass on this. Who do you think you are?
Young
Rick: A different kind of Rick, I guess.
Alternate
Rick: Well, we'll see how long that lasts.
[ Whooshing ]
Diane: I heard sci-fi noises. Did you make a breakthrough?
Young Rick: Sort of. I just took a long look at myself, and I don't think this science thing is gonna pay off.

Diane: Well, why don't I get Beth and we'll go out for ice cream?
Young
Rick: That, Dianne, is the last great idea that will ever be had in this garage.
Transition to Smith residence (C-137)
[ Munching loudly ]
Summer: Good roasted Cronenberg, I assume. Mom, you're looking feral. I can't believe Rick did this.
Morty: These are the parts of Rick's adventures you don't get to see -- the parts he leaves behind. All right, it's been great, guys. I really only wanted to stop by here for a quick "I told ya so." So, uh--
Jerry (C-137): Looking for this?
Morty: What are you doing with that?!
Jerry (C-137): It stinks of Rick. [ Grunts ]
Morty: No! Why?! Why would you do that?! W-W-What is the matter with you people?!
Jerry (C-137): You can never leave. She cannot remain.
Summer (C-137): She stinks of Rick.
Portal opens, Ricks exits through it
[ All scream ]
Morty: Hold your fire! Hold your fire! I'm Morty C-137.
Ricks look at each other
Guard
Rick: We detected a compromised portal gun. Where is your Rick?
Summer: He's in prison.
Morty: Summer.
Summer: He got captured by the Federation and we were going to rescue him.
Guard
Rick: Very troubling. We can't risk Citadel secrets falling into the Federation's hands. We'll dispatch SEAL Team Ricks immediately to break into the prison holding C-137.
Summer: Boo-yah!
Guard
Rick: Aand assassinate him.
Summer: Boo-nah?
Transition to Rick's mind
[ Horn honks ]
Young
Rick: Come on, girls! The ice cream's gonna melt.
Cornvelious Daniel: [ Munching ]
Portal opens
[ Whooshing ]
Blinking ball falls through
[ Beeping ]
Young
Rick: Nooooooo!
Ball explodes, killing Diane and young Beth
Cornvelious Daniel: Wow. This sauce is [bleep] amazing. You said it was promoting a movie? [ Slurping ]
Young
Rick: Carry the three, add a two. I got it. I [bleep] got it.
Young Rick opens portal
Cornvelious Daniel: Whoa. I-Is that it, the portal gun?
Rick: Yeah. That's the three lines of math that separates my life as a man from my life as an unfeeling ghost.
Cornvelious Daniel: Awesome-possum. [ Whirring ] Mission Control, you getting this?
Gromflomite Worker: Holy shit, yes! Yes, we got it!
Cornvelious Daniel: Yeah! Thanks, Rick. I'll try to remember to shut off the brainalyzer. Actually, I think it shuts off automatically once your brain is liquid. Don't know, don't care. Pull me out. [ Beat ] Hey, pull me out! Can you hear me?
Rick: Nope, they cannot.
Cornvelious Daniel: Why not?
Rick: Because the code you just uploaded wasn't actually my portal-gun formula, it was a virus giving me full control over the brainalyzer.
Cornvelious Daniel: What are you talking about? This is a memory. Y-You can't alter details of a memory.
Rick: True, but you can alter anything you want about a totally fabricated origin story.
World around them turns into Shoney's
Cornvelious Daniel: It's a trap! Abort! I'm still in his Shoney's! Repeat -- we never left his Shoney's!
Rick: Mission accomplished, boys. Pull me out.
Gromflomite Worker: Roger that.
Rick: Okay, have fun in what's left of my brain. I'm gonna transfer to yours. Oh, there's not enough room for all my genius, so I'm leaving you with my fear of wicker furniture, my desire to play the trumpet, my tentative plans to purchase a hat, and six years of improv workshops. Comedy comes in threes.
Cornvelious Daniel: It's a trap! Abort! We never left his -- [ Farts ] [ Rick laughs ] No!
Rick exits the machine in Cornvelious Daniel's body
Cornvelious Daniel/Rick: Another day, another dollar. Am I right great insect creature or whaaat?!
Gromflomite Captain: Congratulations, Agent. You'll be highly commended for this.
Cornvelious Daniel/Rick: Always wait for permission to [burps] feel accomplishment. That's my motto.
Gromflomite Captain: One thing still perplexes me -- why would Rick Sanchez turn himself in?
Cornvelious Daniel/Rick: Well, I'm just a dumb-ass bug, but it's possible Rick knew he'd be interrogated at this facility, where we not only keep our most wanted, but our most sensitive data. Anyone here with level-nine access could [burps] I don't know, collapse a government. I'm just gonna go take a dump. Is it cool if I use the level-nine bathroom? W-W-What's the level-nine master access code again?
Gromflomite Worker: Oh, that's easy. 8-3--
SEAL Team
Rick leader: Yeah! SEAL Team Rick's in the house!
[ Screaming ]
Rick(D-99): Hi, Rick. Bye, Rick.
Rick transfers his mind into D-99
SEAL Team Rick leader: D-99, y-you okay?
[ Grunting ]
Rick: I'm bummed I didn't get to give that insect dick a test-drive.
Rick: Wait, wait, wait, wait! T-The Council of Ricks sent us. We have your Morty and Summer. They're prisoners on the Citadel.
Rick(D-99Rick: Great!
Rick: [ Grunts ]
Speaker system: Security breach in room 6755.
Rick(D-99)Rick: Lovely. Not only is my plan screwed up, I also forgot how to improvise.
Speaker system: All security people approach.
Rick(D-99)Rick: [ Grunts ]
Speaker system: Security breach.
Summer: A city of Grandpas?
Morty: It's the Citadel of Ricks. All the different Ricks from all the different realities got together to hide here from the government.
Summer: But if every Rick hates the government, why would they hate Grandpa?
Morty: Because Ricks hate themselves the most. And our Rick is the most himself.
Rick: Not anymore, homey. SEAL Team Ricks turned his unibrow into two brows -- with a bullet. [ Laughter ] Your Rick's dead! Your Rick's dead!
Transition to Citadel communications center
Rick: Sir, Rick D-99 is returning from the mission alone. Apparently, SEAL Team Ricks suffered heavy casualties.
Rick: Bring him in.
Rick: He says he'll only talk to a Rick with higher clearance.
Rick: La-di-da. Give me that. D-99, this is the commander in chief of the Citadel's militia.
Rick(D-99)Rick: Go[burps] -- good enough.
Rick transfers his mind into Commander in Chief Rick
Commander in Chief Rick/Rick: He's a spy. Blow him up. I'm gonna go take a shit.
Transition to room of Council of Ric
Rick: Operating an unregistered portal gun, radicalizing a Summer, conspiring with a traitorous Rick. How do you plead?
Morty: How is this a fair trial? O-Our lawyer is a Morty.
Rick: It's not fair, you have no rights, and he's not a lawyer. We just keep him here because he's fun. Look at him go.
"Lawyer" Morty: [ Laughs ] Ha ha, yeah!
Rick: We'll be lenient if you renounce your Rick. What say you, Summer?
Summer: I say [bleep] you! My grandpa was my hero. You killed him because you were jealous of him. That's pretty obvious from the haircuts. So do what you want to me, but let my brother go. He already renounced Rick.
Rick: Morty?
"Lawyer" Morty: [ Whispers indistinctly ]
Morty: What? N-No, I don't want to see your Pog collection. I don't renounce Rick, and I never have. I was just trying to protect my sister. I wanted you to have a normal life. That's something you can't have when Rick shows up. Everything real turns fake. Everything right is wrong. All you know is that you know nothing and he knows everything. And, well -- well, he's not a villain, Summer, but he shouldn't be your hero. He's more like a demon or a super [bleep]up god.
Rick: Let's not suck the ghost of his [bleep] too hard. He was a terrorist, and now he's dead.
Morty: Oh, yeah? If you think my Rick's dead, he's alive. And if you think you're safe, he's coming for you!
Council of Ricks: [ All grumbling ]
Commander in Chief Rick/Rick:[ Whistling ]
Teleportation Worker Rick: Hey, whoa, whoa! What are you doing in here? This area's for teleporting the entire Citadel to somewhere else using only buttons and dials.
Commander in Chief Rick/Rick: Yeah, well, it's a bad idea to have it designed that way then, isn't it?
[ Whirring ]
[ Screaming ]
Teleporter Worker Rick: What the [bleep] We just teleported into a galactic federal prison.
Commander in Chief Rick/Rick: I'm gonna go take a shit.
[ Alarm blaring ]
"Lawyer" Morty: Order in the court! Whoa! What the hell?! Oh, my God!
Kidnapped Morty: [ Screaming ]
Rick: Wait, wait, wait, wait! No, no, no!
Hammerhead Morty: Whoa! [ Screaming ] Whoa!
Rick: The Citadel's been teleported to [burps] Federation space. It's doomed. This has to be C-137, you guys. What are we gonna do?! You know he's coming for us.
Rick: All right, calm down! We have his Summer as a hostage. Obviously, I get her. You guys play Rick, Laser, Scissors for the Morty.
Rick: W-W-What the hell is that?
Rick: Payback.
Rick: [ Screaming ]
Summer: Grandpa Rick!
Rick: Duh!
Summer: You're alive!
Morty: Rick!
Rick: Morty, take this. You're gonna need it later.
Ricktiminus Sancheziminius: Hold on, hold on. Whoa!
Rick: That's enough, Rick.
Rick: What -- What's this supposed to accomplish? We have infinite grandkids. You're trying to use Disney bucks at a Caesar's Palace here.
Summer: That's a bluff. He's bluffing, sir. He loves me.
Rick: You're a rogue Rick -- irrational, passionate. You love your grandkids. You came to rescue them.
Rick: I came to kill you, bro. That's not even my original Summer.
Summer: Oh, my God. He's not bluffing. He's not bluffing!
Morty: R-Rick?
Rick: Why not shoot through her?
Rick: 20 yards, nine-gauge plasma pistol, My first shot would liquify her insides and injure you, second shot adds recoil. The risk to me is minimized if I wait for you to shoot her, which I'm encouraging you to do.
Summer: What the [bleep]
Rick: Or let her go, which I will reward with a quicker death.
Rick: Because you love her!
Rick: Because it's incentive for you to give me my cleanest shot, which will be your least painful death. But if you want to die slower than that, I'm super into it. All you got to do to get that started is kill the girl.
Summer: I hate you!
Rick: Not an issue, sweetie.
Morty: That's enough! Drop the gun, Rick!
Rick: Morty, I know you're too stupid to get this, but you're really [bleep] this up right now.
Morty: I'm not letting you let my sister die! Drop the gun!
Rick: I wasn't gonna let her die, you [bleep] moron!
Riq IV: Ha!
Summer: Aww.
Rick: The point is he thought I was going to.
Riq IV: I totally did, by the way. You're a [bleep] moron, Morty.
Summer: Morty, you [bleep] idiot!
Rick: You're a serious [bleep] idiot, Morty! You basically killed us all! You're the worst! You're as dumb as a bag of sand.
[ All yelling ]
[ Screaming ]
Morty shoots Ric
Morty: Who's stupid now, bitch?!
Summer: Morty, we just got him back!
Rick: [ Laughs ] That was amazing, Morty. Oh, my God. Wow. Okay, let's wrap this-
Rick shoots Riq IV
Rick: Good job, Morty. Let's go, kids.
Summer: What?! What happened?
Rick: Oldest Rick trick in the book.
Summer: "Fake gun, shoot me in standoff." Brilliant.
Morty: Ha, yeah. G-Good thing I saw that note.
Summer: Can't we just portal home?
Rick: Not until I finish what I started. And that is how you get level-nine access without a password.
Gromflomite Guard: Freeze!
Rick: Employee of the month, ladies and gentlemen.
Morty: So, what are you doing with level-nine access anyways?
Rick: Destroying the [burps] galactic government.
Morty and Summer: Awesome! Whoa, cool!
Summer: Are you going to set all their nukes to target each other?
Morty: Ooh, or -- or reprogram their military portals to disintegrate their entire space fleet?
Rick: Good pitches, kids. I'm almost proud. But watch closely as Grandpa topples an empire by changing a one to a zero.
Transition to Galactic Federation President's office
Federation worker 1: Mr. President, the Blemflarck's value just dropped to nothing.
Galactic Federation President: What do you mean?
Federation worker 1: I mean, our single centralized galactic currency just went from being worth one of itself to zero of itself.
[ Panicked murmuring ]
Galactic Federation president: Calm down, people. Deploy the galactic militia and declare martial law.
Federation commandor: Yes, sir. Uh, what should I pay them with?
Federation worker 2: Their payment is the honor they'll feel to serve their -- Wait. Who's paying me to yell at this guy?
Federation worker 3: I can answer that -- for money.
Federation worker 1: I never thought I'd live to see this day.
[ Panicked murmuring ]
Galactic Federation President: Gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen! There's a solution here you're not seeing.
(The president shoots himself in the head)
Federation worker 3: Give me your jacket!
Federation worker 1: Give me those pants!
[ Indistinct shouting ] [ Indistinct shouting ]
Female Office Employee: There's no rich people or poor people! I want more jackets!
Gromflomite Office Employee: He who controls the pants controls the galaxy!
Jerry: [ Whimpering ] [ Gasps ] [ Whimpering ]
Mr. Goldenfold: No longer will the insects have domain over surface world!
Jerry: [ Whimpering ]
Beth: Jerry, what the hell is happening?!
Jerry: The galactic government collapsed.
Beth: Are you okay?
Jerry: Look, I-I'm not proud to share this, but the truth is, I just kept crawling, and it kept working. [ Gasps ] Oh, I'm glad you're okay. Are we ever going to stop paying for indulging your father? Our children, our planet, our jobs? Is there anything left to lose?
Beth: Just each other, and I'll never let you go. And I'm so sorry I ever did this to us.
Rick: Guess who dismantled the government?
Beth: Please don't leave me again.
Rick: I never will, baby.
Summer: I was right. He turned himself in on purpose. It was all part of his plan!
Rick: Jerry, is there any light beer left? It's insane what you miss in prison.
Jerry: Um..okay. No. No, no, no. Foot down time.
Rick: No, you're right. Where's the vodka?
Jerry: Beth, it's him or me!
[ Beat ]
Rick: Seems like you guys need some privacy. I'll, uh -- I'll be in the garage.
Transition to garage
Rick: What the [bleep] Not cool, Jerry! A man's garage is his castle.
[ Workbench Beeps ]
Beth: Jerry's going to spend some time divorced.
Rick: Oh, I-I'm sorry to hear that, sweetie. I hope I had nothing to do with that.
Beth: Oh, God, Dad, that is not your burden to bear. I feel terrible that I misjudged you. This is gonna be good for Jerry.
Rick: For everybody.
Beth: For everybody.
[ Text whooshes ]
Beth: I better tend to Jerry before he changes his mind and doesn't move out. I will leave you two to your adventures.
Summer: Oh, my God. Nancy says they're drawing and quartering aliens in the school courtyard, and it technically counts as patriotism.
Morty: Geez! Are my parents seriously gonna get divorced? All right, Rick, I'm gonna go to my --
Rick: Not so fast, Morty. You heard your mom. We've got adventures to go on, Morty -- just you and me -- and sometimes your sister and sometimes your mom, but never your dad. You want to know why, Morty? Because he crossed me.
Morty: Okay, take it easy, Rick. T-T-That's dark.
Rick: Oh, it gets darker, Morty. Welcome to the darkest year of our adventures. First thing that's different -- no more Dad, Morty.
Morty: Oh, geez.
Rick: He threatened to turn me in to the government, so I made him and the government go away.
Morty: Oh [bleep]
Rick: I've rep[burps]laced them both as the de facto patriarch of your family and your universe. Your mom wouldn't have accepted me if I came home -
Morty:Oh, man.
Rick: - without you and your sister, so now you know the real reason I rescued you. Oh! I just took over the family, Morty, and if you tell your mom -
Morty: Oh, man.
Rick: - or sister I said any of this, I'll deny it -
Morty: You're gonna deny it.
Rick: - and they'll take my side because I'm a hero, Morty. And now you're gonna have to go -
Morty: Oh.
Rick: - and do whatever I say, Morty, forever! And I'll -- I'll go out and I'll find some more of that "Mulan" Szechuan teriyaki dipping sauce, Morty. -
Morty: What are you talking about?
Rick: - Because that's -- that's what this is all about, Morty.
Morty: Szechuan?
Rick: That's my one-armed man! I'm not driven by avenging my dead family, Morty! That was fake. I-I-I'm driven by finding that McNugget sauce.
Morty: McNuggets?
Rick: I want that "Mulan" McNugget sauce, Morty! That's my series arc, Morty.
Morty: What the hell?
Rick: If it takes nine seasons, I want my McNugget dipping sauce, Szechuan sauce, Morty.
Morty: What are you talking about, Rick?
Rick: That's what's gonna take us all the way to the end, Morty.
Morty: What are you talking about?!
Rick: Season -- Nine more seasons, Morty. Nine more seasons until I get that dipping Szechuan sauce.
Morty: What is that?!
Rick: For 97 more years, Morty!
Morty: What are you talking about?!
Rick: I want that McNugget sauce, Morty!
Credits roll
Tammy: Is it ready?
Gromflomite worker: Yes. We can bring it online now.
Tammy: Do it.
Birdperson: I am Phoenixperson.
Tammy: Phoenix Person? Is that what we settled on? I thought we all agreed on Cyberbird.
Gromflomite worker: You said you didn't care what he was called as long as we brought him back.
Tammy: Yeah, but Phoenixperson? Fine [bleep] it. Who cares? [ Grunts ]
Phoenixperson: Ka-kaw!
Rick and Morty (2013) Episode Scripts   |   More Television Show Episode Scripts  
 




Read more: http://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=rick-and-morty-2013&episode=s03e01
[Configure Reference Popups]This article is a transcript of the Season 2 finale of Rick and Morty, The Wedding Squanchers.
[Open the Smith family house]
(The Smith Family is sat around a table having cereal for breakfast together.)
Jerry: The trick to cereal is keeping 70% of it above the milk.
Beth: Jerry, get a job.
(A knock is heard at the front door.)
Rick: Uh, w-why don't you get it Jerry? you're the man of the house and you don't have a job.
Jerry: *Sighs and stands up to answer door*
(Jerry opens the door and flinches in fear as a large brain-resembling, automated delivery mechanism [a 'courier flap'] hovers into the house and makes its way into the dining room.)
Courier Flap: (In an automated machine voice) Delivery for Rick, Morty, Summer, Beth and Jerry.
Summer: *Drops spoon upon seeing the Courier Flap* Gross, what is that thing?
Rick: It's a Courier Flap, it's like the Intergalactic version of UPS but less off-putting. *Reaches hand into courier and retrieves a metallic egg-shaped item*
OH SHIEEET! It looks like an egg-vite from Birdperson! It must be time for his annual Oscar party. By the way, our TV signals take lightyears to reach his planet, nobody tell him that Braveheart wins.
(Rick cracks the egg open like a regular egg. Upon cracking the egg, a miniature hologram emerges with Pachelbel's Canon playing in the background and videos of Tammy and Birdperson.)
Birdperson's Voice: Greetings, this is Birdperson.
Tammy's Voice: And Tammy!
Birdperson's Voice: Inviting you to Planet Squanch for our mate-melding ceremony.
Rick: (With disgust) Ughhhh... *places a napkin over the hologram and takes it to the bin in the kitchen)
Tammy's Voice: (Muffled by napkin) If you're not a bird, that means we're getting married!
Summer: Oh my God! My friend Tammy's marrying Birdperson!
Jerry: What the hell is a 'Birdperson,'?
Morty: He's Rick's best friend.
Rick: Uhhhh, l-l-let's not get carried away, Morty.
Courier Flaps: Would you like to RSVP or send a gift?
Rick: No. Weddings are basically funerals with cake. If I wanted to watch someone throw their life away, *belch* I'd hang out with Jerry all day.
Courier Flap: Affirmative. Returning to sender. *flies towards front door*
Beth: No, hold on, stay... 'Courier Flaps.'
Courier Flap: *Turning back around and re-entering dining room* Staying.
Beth: Dad, you have a friend that's getting married... that's a big deal.
Jerry: *Scoffs* it's a big deal he has a friend.
Rick: What do you know about friendship, Jerrrrrry?
Courier Flap: Confirm, shipping Jerry. *Hovers over Jerry and fully shoves him into underside before flying away through open front door and into sky*
Beth: Oh God, Jerry?! *Runs to front door*
Summer and Morty: Dad?! *Follow Beth*
Beth: *Looking into sky* Where is it taking him?
Rick: *Still eating cereal* I assume Planet Squanch, 6000 lightyears across the galaxy.
Morty: Wh?-Wh- th-th-that's insane!
Rick: Yeah, I know. Now we have to go to the wedding.
[Trans. Rick, Summer, Beth and Morty flying through the galaxy in Rick's space cruiser while the radio plays techno music. The cruiser then flies down through the atmosphere of a clouded planet and lands on the surface of Planet Squanch.]
Squanchy: Rick Sanchez, you psycho bag of Squanch!
Rick: *Unscrewing and drinking from scotch flask* Hey, what's up, Squanchy?
Summer and Morty: *Morty waves* Heya Squanchy.
Squanchy: Morty, Summer! And you must be Beth. *kissing Beth's hand* Au squanché.
Beth: *Holding a suit in a dry cleaning bag* Your language has 'squanch,' in it a lot. Doesn't that become tedious and worn out like the Smurf thing?
Rick: Beth, Squanchy culture is more... contextual than literal. You just say what's in your squanch and people understand.
Beth: Oh, okay... I squanch my family.
(Rick and Squanchy look at her with disgust and shock.)
Squanchy: Uhh...
Beth: What? I do, I squanch my family.
[Configure Reference Popups]This article is a transcript of the Rick and Morty episode Total Rickall. It is the fourth episode of
(Smith family is eating, Jerry checks his mail)
Jerry: Steve, I just got a weird E-mail. Did you buy us airline tickets?
Uncle Steve: Aw shoot, it was supposed to be a surprise! I wanted to thank you for letting me live here all this time, so I'm treating the family to a vacation!
Beth: Steve, you're so sweet!
Morty: Thanks Uncle Steve!
Summer: Best uncle ever!
Uncle Steve: Look out world, the Smith family is goin' to Paris!
Summer:(Offscreen) Yeah! Awesome!
(Rick enters the room, and dumps some very familiar-looking rocks into the kitchen trash)
Jerry: Rick, I don't like glowing rocks in the kitchen trash.
Rick: Well I don't like your unemployed genes in my grandchildren, Jerry. But life is made of little concessions.
Jerry: I, you know what, I-
Uncle Steve: You're gonna land on your feet Jer. Some company out there's gonna think they're lucky stars they hired my little brother.
Rick: Who the fuck are you?
Jerry: My goofy brother Steve. He's been living here almost a year now, are you losing your mind?
Uncle Steve: Hey someone's been spending too much time around glowing rocks am I right? (Everybody except Rick laughs, Rick shoots Steve in the head)
All except Rick: *unintelegable screaming*
Morty: What the hell, Rick? What the hell?
Rick: Everybody just relax for a second. There's no such thing as an "Uncle Steve". That is an alien parasite.
(Uncle Steve turns back into his true form and dies)
Jerry: But I've known him my whole life!
Rick: No you haven't Jerry. These telepathic little bastards, they embed themselves in memories they use those to multiply, spread out, and take over planets. It's disgusting.
Morty: Steve wasn't real?
Rick: He's a real piece of shit! This is a big one, someone probably tracked in last week on the bottom of their shoe or on a piece of alien fruit.
Summer: Someone?
Rick: Get off the high road Summer, we all got pink eye because you won't stop texting on the toilet.
Morty: But Uncle Steve taught me how to ride a bike.
Rick: No, "Steve" put that memory in your brain so he could live in your house, eat your food, and multiply. We could be infested with these things, so we gotta keep an eye out for any zany, wacky characters that pop up.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Oh wee, whatever you want Rick, we're here to help!
Rick: Thanks Mr. Poopybutthole. I always could count on you.
*theme song plays*
Rick: Alright, there's six of us and that's it. Me, Morty, Jerry, Beth, Mr. Poopybutthole, and Summer.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Maybe you got the first one in time Rick!
Rick: Can't afford to chance it.
(Rick presses a button on his watch, all doors and windows in the house are sealed off by blast shields)
Beth: Dad, why does our house have blast shields?
Rick: Trust me Beth you don't wanna know how many answers that question has.
Poopybutthole: Ooh, gosh, it feels claustrophobic! Reminds me of that time we all got stuck in the elevator together. Y-- remember that? After "the hulk" musical? (Flashback, Jerry grunting, muzak playing )
Beth: Jerry, buttons don't work better if you hit them harder, and foam fists don't make you strong.
Jerry: I know. Friends make you strong. I watched the same musical you did.
Rick: Why couldn't I bring my portal gun? (Morty winces )
Morty: Why did all the drinks have to be extra large? Oh, the hulk. I just got that.
Summer: Just pee your pants. I did it the minute we got stuck. Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, shame me. At least when I'm disgusting, it's on purpose.
Poopybutthole: Oh, y'all, we're gonna be fine. I've always been here for you guys, and I always will be. ( chuckles )
Nicky: somebody call for repairs?
All: Yay! Cousin Nicky!
Nicky: It's me, cousin Nicky. I'm walkin' here! I mean, I'm not. I'm crouched in the elevator shaft, but hey, I'm walkin' here! ( laughter ) (Cut back to the present) It's true. We really do get into some crazy situations as a family, mostly when we're cooped up like this. Hey, maybe Mr. Poopypants is right. L-let's get some fresh air.
Morty: Come on, cousin Nicky. You heard Rick. We have to stay quarantined until we know that there's no more of these things.
Nicky: I hear you, Morty. Back in brooklyn, we got a sayin' -- "we're walkin' here!" ( laughter )
Jerry: Nicky! (Rick shoots Nicky in the shoulder, and he reverts back into a parasite)
Nicky: Oh! ( gasps ) ( groaning )
Morty: What the...? Cousin Nicky was a parasite?!
Rick: Six, Morty! There's supposed to be six of us! If there's seven, then that means somebody's not real.
Beth: But how did you know it was Nicky?
Rick: I guessed. That's why I aimed for his shoulder.
Beth: So we can't trust any of our memories now? Nicky was the reason we found that old nazi submarine. Did that not even happen?
Jerry: Well, of course it happened.
(Flashback, Morty, Rick, Jerry, Beth and Nicky are tied up, a Nazi stands before them)
Nazi: Now that I possess the mighty staff of Rah-gubaba, the world will tremble before the fourth reich!
Morty: This is the last time I ask you for help on my history final, Rick.
Nicky: Hey, we got a word for nazis back in Brooklyn, pal.
Nazi: I'm comfortable being called a nazi. You think there's some other word that will hurt my feelings? (Hits Nicky on the head) Yeah. Think before you talk shit. Rah-gubaba, help me kill america! (Mr. Beauregard knocks out the nazi)
All: Mr. Beauregard!
Mr. Beauregard: After due consideration, I have elected not to retire.
All: Yeah! Oh, thank god!
Mr. Beauregard: Now, I believe someone has a final exam to attend. Set a course for Morty's high school. (Return to the present) Perhaps I'm biased, but if that story never happened, then I wouldn't still be the family butler. ( chuckles ) dare to dream.
Rick: Wait.
Summer: And if Mr. Beauregard wasn't our butler, it's safe to say the family'd be in a hell of a lot of trouble. ( laughter )
Rick: No! Don't flashback!
(Flashbacks, Jerry has his head stuck in the staircase railing)
Summer: You're just gonna make more swelling.
Beth: Don't worry, Jerry. Just relax. We called the fire department.
Jerry: You know they won't come here anymore. ( grunting ) (Mr. Beauregard pours marmalade on Jerry, all gasp )
Mr. Beauregard: Marmalade is served. (everybody cheers)
Frankenstein: I guess I take back what I said about British cuisine. ( laughter )
(Rick, Summer, and Mr. Beauregard are having a pillow fight)
Rick: Take that!
Sleepy Gary: We're trying to sleep.
(Morty is in the living room with Beth, Jerry, and Sleepy Gary)
Morty: I don't want to go to the dance alone.
Mr. Beauregard (Off-screen): Then perhaps, you shouldn't.
(Mr. Beauregard appears, in a dress)
Beth: Aww. Mr. Beauregard.
Mr. Beauregard: Shall we, master Morty?
Morty: We shall.
Beth: Oh, wait, don't leave without letting photography raptor take a picture. ( raptor screeches ) ( camera shutter clicks ) ( cut back to the present, laughter )
Rick: Everybody stop remembering! These parasites are like bed bugs, and every flashback is another mattress. Look! There's only supposed to be six people in this house.
But there's always been 10.
Rick: No! Uh, the fact that I wrote this number down means that there's four parasites.
Frankenstein: You sure about that, Rick?
Mr. Beauregard: Begging your pardon, master Rick, but I seem to recall a great deal of confusion surrounding that number.
Rick: All right, there's six of us, ( belches ) and that's it. Me, Morty, Jerry, Beth, Mr. Poopybutthole, Frankenstein, Sleepy Gary, Photography raptor, Mr. Beauregard, and Summer.
Beth: Uh, dad, that's like 10 people.
Rick: 6, 10, what's the difference? I just love the number 6 for no reason! Where's my pencil at?
Pencilvester: Right here, Rick! Use me!
Rick: Oh, thanks, Pencilvester! (writes the number 6 again) Yeah,I-I g-- I guess that is what happened, but I-I don't get why I would do that.
Pencilvester: Everybody makes mistakes, Rick. Why do you think I have one of these? ( laughter, camera shutter clicks )
Beth: That's it. Photos. Hard evidence. (Beth scrolls through photos, becomes suspicious) You're not in any of my photos, Mr. Poopybutthole.
Poopybutthole: Well, what do you know about this? You're not in any of mine.
Summer: All I have are pictures of me and my friends from school. (everybody else stares at Summer) What? What teenage girl has pictures of her family? It's not like we're mormon or dying.
Frankenstein: I will admit it's suspicious that Summer's only friend is a magic ballerina lamb that we've never seen.
(Flashback)
Tinkles: Summer!
Summer: Tinkles! It's past my bedtime.
Tinkles: ( giggles ) Not in never past bedtime land! Here we go! ♪ Summer and Tinkles ♪ ♪ friends with each other ♪ ♪ living in never past bedtime land ♪ ♪ no kitchen sinkles ♪ ♪ no little brother ♪ ♪ going to raves and waving our hands ♪ (Rapper rapping ) ♪ Summer and tinkle, friends to the end ♪ ♪ group text the whole crew, my mother... Friends! ♪ ♪ ketchup to the salt, salt to the fry ♪ ♪ "t" to the "inkle" with a capital "I" ♪
(Scene cut's back to Summer's Bedroom, revealing that she was only dreaming)
Summer: Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!
Gary: Summer, we're trying to sleep.
Summer: It was Tinkles! Tinkes?
(Cut back to the present)
Rick: That is su-- [belches] -- suspicious. We're always hearing about this Tinkles character, but we never get to –
Tinkles: Hi, everybody. I'm Tinkles, and these are my friends. ( all sigh )
Summer: See, everyone? Tinkles is real. That means so am I.
(Everyone except Rick apologizes to Summer)
Frankenstein: I was on the wrong side of the pitchfork on this one.
Jerry: Okay, look, we shouldn't need evidence or logic to know who's family and who isn't. I know who the Smiths are. I've known Beth since high school. And her husband, Sleepy Gary, is hands down my absolute best friend.
Sleepy Gary: Thanks, Jerry. Beyond that, no offense to any of you, but all bets are off.
Rick: Look, I'm not used to being this unsure for this long. I'm just gonna aim for shoulders starting with the weird girl. (Tries to shoot Summer)
Summer: Aah! Grandpa Rick!
Rick: Hold still, "Summer."
Gary: Rick, that is my daughter.
Rick: Oh, yeah? Well, what if you just think that, Sleepy Gary? I've known you for 15 years. Don't make me hurt you.
Sleepy Gary: Rick, these are our family and friends, the people we barbecue with. Have you forgotten the barbecue?
Rick: Wait, why would you want me to -- You're one of them, aren't you?
Hamurai: Rick, you love those barbecues, Rick. You love them. Hai!
Amish Cyborg: Remember it, Rick?
Rick: Shut up, Hamurai! Shut up, Amish Cyborg! What is this? '90s Conan?
All: Remember the barbecue. Remember the barbecue. Remember the barbecue.
( chatter )
Rick: You know what, Pencilvester? It took me my whole life to realize it, but I love barbecuing.
Pencilvester: You're good at it, Rick.
Rick: Watch me, baby. I'm like tom cruise from, um, "cuisine" or w-whatever that movie's called where he makes drinks. Yeah, check me out. I'm like tom cruise from "cuisine." ( chuckles ) yeah. Is that what it's called? "cuisine"?
Pencilvester: Wow! Hey, everybody. Let's give it up for the grill master, Rick! Rick! Rick! Rick! ( all chanting "Rick" )
Rick: Wait. (cut back to the present, breathing heavily ) Noooooo! Shoot. Now look. It's like a "Where's Waldo?" page. Can you find me? Check out all these zany characters. We'll be right back after these messages.
Sleepy Gary: I think you should put down the gun and we should get you to a doctor. What do you say we take down these blast shields?
All: Yeah.
Rick: Can't do that, Sleepy Gary. All right, everybody listen to me. I don't know if any of you guys are real, but this house has been infested with fake loved ones that spread through fake memories, and our planet will be destroyed if they get out. ( grunts )
Pencilvester: But Rick, even you have to admit you do tend to overreact to stuff.
(Flashback)
Rick: You guys, we got to hurry. I just got back from Walmart. They're selling Nintendo 3ds systems for $149.99 on sale, plus every time you buy one, you get a $50 gift card. Brings the total price down to $110 after tax. Now, listen, we can flip those sons of bitches for 230 bucks apiece easy! They're all limited-edition "Zelda" ones. Hurry! Hurry! Come with me! We can be rich, and we also all get to keep one and we can play nintendo games! Nintendo, give me free stuff.
(Cut back to the present)
Rick: Okay, yes, I definitely remember doing that, but also, I would never do that
Pencilvester: Don't overreact, Rick.
Jerry: Sleepy Gary, a word?
Sleepy Gary: Sure, Jerry. Rick, keep a level head, okay? 'Cause I'll tell you a secret about Frankenstein -- He's actually Frankenstein's monster.
(Rick looks at Frankenstein, Frankenstein pounds his fist)
Jerry: Sleepy Gary, m-my head is filled with memories of our friendship. I'm convinced that you're Beth's husband and I'm your friend, but if those memories can't be trusted, then...
Sleepy Gary: Jerry, just say it.
Jerry: Sleepy Gary, how do we know I'm real?
Sleepy Gary: Jesus, Jerry. No, you're real. Hey, look at me. Now, I don't know which way is up out there, but I know us, and you're real, Jerry. Remember our vacation?
(flashback)
Gary: They're filming that new "Star Wars" movie down the coast. Should we check it out?
Jerry: Sure. Why not? (Gary drinks, Jerry drops his bottle, both he and Gary reach for it)
Gary: Maybe we'll see Chewbacca.
Jerry: I'd like that. ( Kissing ) What are we doing?
(Cut back to the present)
Gerry: I don't give a damn what else happens out there. You and I are going to survive this.
Jerry: Okay. Hey, we agreed. Never in the house.
(Transit to the living room, Rick is pointing the gun at random people)
Frankenstein: That's a cool watch there, Rick. Can I check it out?
Rick: Uh, no thank -- ( grunts ) Okay. Trying to figure out how to lower the blast shields, huh? Anybody here think it's suspicious that a lot of people in here can't wait to get out of here?
Frankenstein: Ah, you're paranoid, Rick. You've been paranoid since 'nam.
(Flashback)
Rick: So, what are you gonna do when you rotate back to the world, Frankenstein?
Frankenstein: Shi-i-i-i-t. I'mma bust a -- ( cut back to the present, Rick grunts )
Rick: No! Get out of my head, parasite! No! Drop it. Give me the gun, Frankenstein! ( indistinct shouting ) Give it back!
All: Yeah! ( applause ) Frankenstein!
Rick: ( breathing heavily ) Is anyone here even real? Am I the only real person on earth?!
Reverse Giraffe: Maybe. Or maybe, just maybe, we're all real. You know me. I'm reverse giraffe. I have a short neck and legs. I went to college with Hamurai.
Hamurai: Hai!
Reverse Giraffe: I saved Ghost In A Jar's life in Vietnam.
Ghost in a Jar: Boo rah!
Reverse Giraffe: And Beth, how many times have I been a shoulder for you to cry on?
Beth: ( sighs ) Too many.
Reverse Giraffe: Okay, so maybe we're just all fake.
Mrs. Refrigerator: That don't make no sense!
Reverse: Giraffe: Or maybe, there's only one deceiver here -- The person that keeps telling us the path to salvation is being held prisoner and mistrusting each other.
Rick: Hey, don't blame me! I tried to shoot Summer 10 minutes ago!
Reverse Giraffe: I know we all have beloved memories of Rick, but are we really supposed to believe that a mad scientist inventor with a flying car just showed up on our doorstep after being gone for years?
Morty: Yeah, you know, he does have a lot of really weird, made-up sounding catchphrases.
(Flashback)
Rick: Wubba lubba dub dub! Ricky ticky tavi, beyotch! And that's the wa-a-a-a-y the news goes. Hit the sack, jack. Uh-oh! Somersault jump. Aids! And that's why I always say shum shum shlippedy dop! Grassss tastes bad-ah. No jumpin' in the sewer. Burger time! Rubber baby baby bunkers! Lick, lick, lick my balls! ( laughs ) yeah! Say that all the time.
(cut back to the present) All: ( muttering ) That's a fake-ass catchphrase right there.
Beth: And don't forget his incredibly vague back story.
Rick: Beth, I'm your father!
Beth: Oh, are you, dad? Are you?
Morty: Rick, if you want to prove you're real, just do what any of the rest of us would do and -- and -- and open the blast shields and let us the hell out of here!
Rick: Why don't you make me, implausibly naive pubescent boy with an old Jewish comedy writer's name?
(Everybody is surprised)
Mrs. Refrigerator: In your face!
Morty: Give me the gun. (Looks at everyone else) I'm not doing this in front of Pencilvester. Bring him to the garage. ( all cheering ) All right, you listen to me, you son of a bitch parasite scum. We could either do this the easy way or the hard way. You know, y-y-y-- do you want to live? Then open the blast shield doors.
Rick: Shut up, Morty, you brainwashed, little turd that might not even be real because I'm brainwashed, too.
Morty: You know, Rick, this isn't easy for us. You know, w-we all remember you as a friend.
Rick: Oh, oh, oh, really? Well, I remember you as a whiny, little piece of shit, Morty!
Morty: Oh -- oh, yeah?
Rick: Yeah! I've got about a thousand memories of your dumb, little ass and about six of them are pleasant. The rest is annoying garbage. So why don't you do us both a favor and pull the trigger? Do it! Do it, mother[bleep] Pull the [bleep] trigger!
(Morty shoots Baby Wizard, Baby Wizard screeches )
Duck with Muscles: Oh, wow. Baby Wizard was a parasite? He set me up with my wife. (Morty shoots the duck, parasite screeches )
Rick: What the hell?
Morty: I figured it out, Rick! The parasites can only create pleasant memories. I know you're real because I have a ton of bad memories with you!
(Flashbacks of times where Rick left Morty in depair) ♪ these memories that we have ♪ ♪ these memories that we cherish ♪ ♪ I wish that we... can go back... to that time ♪ ♪ ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
(Cut back to the present)
Rick: Holy crap, Morty, you're right.
Morty: Is -- is -- isn't that what you were trying to make me understand by yelling at me?
Rick: Well, yeah, duh-doy. T-took you long enough. (Rick turns the dial on the washing machine, the wall draws back to reveal a set of guns)
Rick: Now let's go, Morty. We got a lot of friends and family to exterminate. ( grunts )
(Rick shoots a parasite, everybody else screams )
Morty: Everybody remain calm! This is gonna take some explaining.
Rick: We need to kill everyone that we can only remember fondly. Who's got a bad memory about Mrs. Refrigerator?
Mrs Refrigerator: I-I-I-I -- everyone has bad memories of me. You remember that one time? (flashback, Beth, Jerry, Mrs. Refrigerator and a lot of other people on a roller coaster, screaming, cut back to the present) Ooh, man, we couldn't stop screaming.
Beth: Uh, roller coasters aren't bad, Mrs. Refrigerator. They're thrilling. And you've been a perfect companion to me my entire life.
Mrs Refrigerator: The jig is up! ( whimpering ) get me out of here. Get me out of here! Aah! ( screeching ) ( all gasping ) Oh [bleep]
Rick: Everybody back! If you're not a parasite, you have nothing to fear. What about Summer?
Summer: Why am I always your go-to?
(Flashback, Morty is hosing the backyard, Summer grunts and kicks him in the crotch, Morty whimpers )
Summer: Never go in my room again.
Morty: I didn't! (Cut back to the present) She's real. She's my bitch of a sister.
Summer: Nice. (Flashback) Mom, are you driving me to --
Beth: Hmm? Yeah, yeah, yes. What time?
Summer: Oh, my god. Are you drunk?
Beth: ( belches ) Only My wife coach.
Summer: Your what? Oh! God! Oh. Oh, my gosh. Oh! God! Mom!
Beth: Sweetheart, are you okay? I didn't mean to --
Summer: I'm gonna have a bruise! It's picture day!
Beth: It's not, don't overreact. I can clean it up.
Summer: ( sobs ) I want the police to take me!
(Cut back to the present)
Summer: Morty, give a gun to the lady that got pregnant with me too early and constantly makes it our problem.
Beth: Thank you, sweetie.
Cross Teddy Bear: Beth, Beth, please!
Beth: I thought it was too good to be true that we'd have compatible kidneys. (shoots the bear, parasite screeches ) ( guns cock ) ( screaming ) ( blasting ) ( screeching )
Rick: (Corners Pencilvester) Come on, man. Haven't we ever had an uncomfortable silence or an awkward fart on a road trip? Come on, Pencilvester. Give me anything.
Pencilvester: Rick, I'm Pencilvester. Listen to that name. You can't kill me.
Rick: You're right. (To Morty) Kill Pencilvester.
(Morty shoots Pencilvester, parasite screeches ) (Summer shoots Frankenstein, parasite screeches ) (Summer shooting, parasites screeching )
Tinkles: Summer, I've always loved you!
Summer: Yep. (Shoots Tinkles, parasite screeches ) ( all gasp, Summer shoots ) ( more screeching ) (Morty shouts)
(Flashback, Summer walks into the kitchen and turns on the light, and sees Morty masturbating)
Summer: Oh, my god!
Morty: I-I-I thought you went to a concert!
Summer: We forgot the tickets! Why in the kitchen?!
Morty: I do it everywhere! Stop shaming me!
Summer: You're not the victim here!
Morty: I hate you, and I was thinking about your friend Grace!
Summer: Aaaaaah! (cut back to the present, more shooting, parasites screeching )
Mr. Beauregard: Ah. Master Rick. Remember when you weren't going to shoot me? (Rick shoots Mr. Beauregard, parasite screeches )
Rick: I guess I did the butler! Ha ha! Does -- d-does that scan?
Ghost in a Jar: Oh, I-I get it. It's a play on "the butler did it."
Rick: Thanks, ghost in a jar. You always were good at pointing out potentially obscure comedy. (shoots ghost in a jar, parasite screeches ) ( screeches )
Jerry: You got to hide me, Sleepy Gary.
Sleepy Gary: Don't worry. I have a plan. If we can get to my boat, there's a -- (Beth shoots Sleepy Gary, Gary slowly turns back into a parasite, screeches )
Jerry: No. No! Send me to Gary. I want to be with Gary. (Flashback, Jerry is running away from a hobo)
Beth: Whoa. What the hell?
Jerry: Look out for that homeless guy!
Beth: Open the door! Open the door! Open the door!
Jerry: There isn't time! Just run!
Beth: ( grunts ) Get out here and help me!
Jerry: They say you shouldn't do that! Just run!
(Cut back to the present)
Beth: Ugh. Sorry, Jerry. You're real.
Jerry: ( crying ) I'm a parasite!
Beth: Yeah, but you're real.
Jerry: (tries to kiss Beth)
Beth: Uh, uh, I need time to forget about Sleepy Gary.
Jerry: Me, too. ( Rick opens the blast shields )
Rick: From now on, let's all be careful to wash our hands when we get back from outer space. That goes for everyone.
Jerry: This is depressing. We killed every good person in the house. We're what's left? What a family.
Rick: At least we're real, Jerry. We're real. Ricky ticky tavi!
Mr. Poopybutthole: Ooh, whee! Amen to that. Now, this little poopypants is hungry. Will somebody pass me a pork chop? ( chomping )
Mr. Poopybutthole: Huh. I-is -- is something wrong, Beth? (Beth shoots Mr. Poopybutthole) Ow! ( screams ) oh, my god!
Rick: No, Beth! Oh [bleep]
Beth: Wait, but I --
Mr. Poopybutthole: Oh, Beth! Why?!
Jerry: I need an ambulance! There's been a shooting. My wife shot... Uh, my -- my wife shot a long-time family friend.
Mr. Poopybutthole: Why?
Summer: Oh, my god, oh, my god, oh, my god, Mr. Poopybutthole.
Beth: I-I thought --
Morty: Keep breathing!
Mr. Poopybutthole: Oh, god. What's happening?
Morty: Look at me! Look at me! Don't -- don't fall asleep!
Poopybutthole: Is -- is this what bleeding to death is? Oh, whee. Is this how I die?
Rick: Oh, geez! Oh, my god!
Mr. Poopybutthole: Why would you do this? Beth. It's not supposed to hurt. I-I thought... ( siren wails ) Ooh, whee.
(Post-Credits scene)
Beth: Oh, he -- he's looking a lot better.
Rick: Listen, Beth, don't torture yourself. I made a similar mistake years ago, but, you know, on a planetary scale.
Beth: Is, um, is he mad at me?
Rick: He's not pressing charges. I mean, that's got to be the "you shot me" equivalent of not being mad.
(Doctor steps out of the room)
Beth: Can he have visitors?
Doctor: He'd like to be alone. He told me to tell you he's sorry you didn't have bad memories of him? If you love him, you should leave. ( door closes )
(Smith family walks out of the hospital)
Rick: (Smiles) And that's the wa-a-a-a-y the news goes.
[Configure Reference Popups]