Hurry up Morty Grampa's about to unfreeze time.
You know you really should be cleaning from top to bottom. 
I know how to vacuum Mom and Dad Summer I've been doing it for six months! 
Then you've been doing it wrong for six months.
Oh my God is that mildew? 
It's not my fault we froze time on a humid day! 
You have dropped so many balls man.
Do you ever get scared Grampa Rick might make me his new sidekick? 
What?
What kind of monster are you? 
A competent one. 
Who cares about the thing you guys are talking about?
The whole point of freezing time is to stop giving a fuck.
Put a shirt on your dumb dad and let's get this dumb universe rolling.
Let's do this thing. 
Alright listen you two we froze time for a pretty long time so when I unfreeze it the world's time is gonna be fine but our time's gonna need a little time to you know stabilize. 
Our time is gonna be unstable?
What does that even mean? 
It means relax and stop being a pussy Morty.
I thought you learned that by now.
It also means don't touch your parents or we could shatter into countless theoretical shards. 
Wait a minute what? 
And away we go! 
Uh did we ever put that mattress under Mr.
Benson? 
Shhh Morty! 
…A THING OR TWO ABOUT… wait what?
Was the house…?
When we pulled up I could have sworn the house was completely trashed. 
Negative visualization Jerry.
It explains a lot about where you're at.
Hi sweety. 
Hi dad. 
Summer Morty are you okay? 
W-We just missed you a lot. 
Yeah we missed you so much.
Too much to hug you though. 
Yeah it would literally destroy them.
Now listen why do--why do--why--why don't you guys go get a free sunday ice cream go out there and get some ice creams.
Here's five hundred dollars cash in unmarked moneys.
I'm just gonna put it on the floor and uh kick it on over to ya.
You guys go nuts. 
This better not be a bribe.
If I find a single thing out of place in this house my love of ice cream won't save you.
I'll get my jacket. 
Sweety is your shirt on backwards? 
Oh! 
Uh oh. 
Yeah I like it this way.
I'm not stupid. 
Phew… 
Man that guy is the Red Grin Grumble to pretending he knows what's going on. 
God I feel terrible. 
Yup it really makes you appreciate how fickle the universe can be.
One minute you're falling off a roof for six months the next minute bam! 
Uh just to be clear it was Summer's job to put the mattress under- 
Uh what?
It was your job Morty. 
Nuh uh! 
Yeah huh! 
Actually sorry Summer I gotta back the M bomb on this one.
I remember the conversation.
We told Morty to replace all the bank's money with cookies your job was to put the mattress under Mr.
Benson. 
Boom!
In your face Summer!
You really dropped the ball man. 
Shut up Morty you vindictive little turd! 
You shut up you big… female asshole! 
Hey don't shove me! 
I didn't! 
You didn't what? 
What's your problem? 
What's yours? 
Shut up! 
You shut up! 
Whoa whoa wh-what the hell hell hell hell hell? 
Oh God oh no what did you guys just do? 
What do you mean? 
What could we do? 
Wait what am I saying? 
Were either of you guys uncertain about anything just now? 
Oh man… I don't feel good. 
Am I me?
I think so. 
A-am I talking right now? 
Wait who said that? 
Alright both of you just don't move don't speak don't think.
I have to check something. 
What should we do Morty? 
I'm gonna help Grampa. 
Let's see if he needs help. 
What do you mean you're gonna help him. 
Ugh I can help too. 
What's going on Rick? 
What's happening Grampa? 
Shut up!
Oh crap are you kidding me?
Two dots?
This never needs to be more than one dot.
The two of you made us uncertain! 
What do you mean? 
What?
In English? 
What?
English please? 
What are you talking about? 
Our time is fractured.
You two somehow created a feedback loop of uncertainty that's split our reality into two equally possible impossiblities.
W-we're exactly like a man capable of sustaining a platonic friendship with an attractive female co-worker.
We're entirely hypothetical. 
But I thought there were infinite timelines. 
We're not on any timeline dummy.
Look. 
Oh my God! 
Are those cats? 
I assume they're Schrodinger's cats.
A-actually I assume they both are and aren't just like us. 
Mom and Dad?
Get your head out of your family's ass.
The three of us are lost in a timeless oblivion.
Your parents get to exist.
They're probably living it up in some pointless grounded story about their shit marriage. 
Cold Stone Creamery is the best.
What should we do with our remaining twenty dollars? 
You realize they sing no matter how much you tip. 
Holy shit!
What happened? 
I hit a deer!
W-we have to tell the cops you were driving. 
W-what? 
This is Rum Raisin! 
It's still alive. 
Well do we- do I uh get a big rock?
Or-- 
It's not an armadillo asshole! 
I thought that's what a man's supposed to say it's not like I could have actually done it. 
If we were near a hospital I could treat it but I-I think we have to just- 
It's okay this is just something that happens.
And even if we were in a hospital what could we do you're a horse surgeon not a deer surgeon. 
So… 
Well don't different animals- 
Require different levels of skill to keep alive? 
Oh God… 
Get the deer in the car Jerry. 
Yes Beth. 
This is why you don't freeze time you guys.
It's incredibly irresponsible. 
And you did it so you could clean the house after a party. 
And you did it so you could clean the house after a party? 
Look there's no time to hold me accountable Morty.
Like literally no time.
Look around.
Uncertainty is inherently unsustainable.
Eventually everything either is or isn't.
And we've got about four hours to be is . 
Or… 
Or? 
We isn't 
Alright since this time crystal exists in both possibilities and since it's impossible that I didn't nail this I'm probably about to press this button in both possibilities at exactly the same time. 
Whatever you're asking the answer is I'm amazing.
And away we go! 
Huh what do you know it's working 
Ow ow ouch! 
Whoa ow ow. 
Oh shit. 
What the hell is wrong with you two!?
I--I m--I m--I mean you four!? 
Good I'm glad it was painful.
You do deserve it!
I saw you you're both all over the damn place.
We've been split for twenty minutes and your lives are already scattered to the quantum fucking wind?
What the hell do either of you have to be so uncertain about?
Your brand of zit cream?
Which chair to sit in while I do everything?
Come on spit it out! 
Well you don't exactly make it easy Rick! 
You make fun of me all the time and now Summer's doing it too! 
You're always picking on me and now you got someone to kiss your ass! 
Me?
What about you?
Would you get more excited to see me fail?
You want Grampa all to yourself! 
Me?
You're just as mean to me because you're jealous because you want Grampa all to yourself! 
Alright cool it I see what's happening here.
You're both young you're both unsure about your place in the universe you both wanna be Grampa's favorite.
I can fix this.
Morty sit here Summer you sit here.
Now listen I know the two of you are very different from each other in a lot of ways but you have to understand that as far as Grampa's concerned you're both pieces of shit.
Yeah I can prove it mathematically.
Actually let me grab my whiteboard.
This has been a long time coming anyway. 
Emergency wounded deer coming in. 
Three.
Excuse me you can't be back here. 
I'm a certified horse surgeon and this deer needs medical attention.
Nurse please move that snake. 
That's my nurse and as a horse surgeon I'm sure that you know that deer have much smaller much more intricate organs- 
As a vet I'm sure you know a deer is closer to a horse than you are to a doctor so let's save the measuring for when our dicks are out it's time to save a life! 
Geez… 
That's odd this deer's wounded. 
Uh yeah I was there you don't have to rub it in. 
I mean it's been shot.
With a gun. 
My gun. 
May I help you sir? 
No but you can stop helping this deer.
I shot it before these two hit it with their car and I followed them when they hauled it off.
This deer belongs to me. 
Look I don't know what the law says about this but I took an oath that I would let no animal come to harm.
Except when sterilizing aborting or euthenizing them and also when eating them at almost any meal. 
I'm calling my lawyer.
I hope for all our sakes you're as bad a surgeon as I am a hunter. 
In your dreams bitch!
Scalpel! 
So in conclusion you're both equally mercurial overly sensitive clingy hysterical bird brained homunculi.
And I honestly can't tell the two of you half the time because I don't go by height or age I go by amount of pain in my ass which makes you both identical.
Alright everything resolved?
Everybody nice and certain about their position in my world? 
Alright perfect.
Sit still arms down I'm gonna do this again this time be like Grampa. 
You mean drunk? 
And away we go! 
What's that?
You got something to say? 
No. 
And away we go! 
Huh that's weird.
Oh my God. 
What? 
That son of a bitch is gonna kill me! 
Follicle unfeeling sociopath.
Don't you get it?
He thinks he can save his own skin by using the crystal to kill me.
He probably figures it's easier to eliminate one of the possibilities rather than merge them.
I have to admit it's always in the back of my mind too.
The difference is I would never do it!
Until now… 
Don't you get it? don't you get it?
The other Rick isn't trying to merge us anymore.
He thinks he can save his own skin by using the crystal to kill me.
He probably figures it's easier to eliminate one of the possibilities rather than merge them.
I have to admit it's always in the back of my mind too.
The difference is I would never do it!
Until now… 
Rick what the hell are you doing? 
Saving our lives.
After he takes me out he's gonna be coming for you! 
Who? 
Me! 
You see that?
Get down. 
Ahh! 
Whoa whoa! 
I told you he's a psycho! 
He's lost it.
The time fracture must have made him crazy! 
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do! 
Oh God now there's three of them we're outnumbered!
Get in the cupboards!
Wait don't don't do that they'll know… wait wait think about getting in the cupboards but don't really.
AAAAH IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT YOU SICK FUCKS?
YOU WANNA SEE CHILDREN DIE? 
You son of a bitch you don't stop living until I SAY SO! 
Michael. 
Who's this now? 
My lawyer. 
I'm here to notify you ma'am that in this county any deer shot by a hunter is that hunter's property regardless of how far it runs or who intercepts it before it dies.
It's called Brad's law.
We can't make you stop the surgery but at this point you're performing it on venison. 
Actually I've decided not to eat it.
All this fear and conflict.
I'm sure it's ruined the meat.
I'm just gonna use the head for my rec room wall. 
She normally works on horses. 
Jerry if you're not gonna help get the fuck out of here!
I will reach into heaven and yank your screaming deer soul back! 
Jesus… 
Shh shh… I know where you are you creepy old monster… I know how you think!
Oh is this where you think I'm going?
You think I'm standing here?
Well maybe you're right! 
Holy shit now what? 
Well if all of me knocked out all the Ricks and you peed in all of your pants doesn't that mean that we're all synchronized? 
Right. 
Okay… so from now on whatever we do we have to be certain. 
Right… 
I think I'm certain we're F'd in the A. 
Oh God my head.
What did you guys do? 
We put you in a dog crate because you were acting crazy and you caused another time fracture. 
You tried to kill yourself! 
Only in self defense myself tried to kill me first!
Guys I don't expect you to understand this but time breaking twice means our problem is two times bigger and we've got half as much time to solve it.
Well actually I do expect you to understand that it's basic math.
C-could someone just let me out of here?
If I die in a cage I lose a bet. 
Well is there some way you can prove you're not a threat to yourself and others anymore? 
Ah for God's sake alright here give me the time crystal. 
W-what're you doing? 
Calling myself.
Here listen it'll probably go to voice mail since you know I'm calling myself. 
Hello Rick here. 
Don't fall for it it's a bit. 
Just kidding haha!
You just got Ricked.
You've reached Rick's voicemail you know what to do . 
Hey Rick it's Rick.
Listen I'm sorry about earlier.
No hard feelings.
I know you know I mean it too.
Take it easy.
Whoa.
Damn look at this I'm blown up.
Three new voicemails.
Yeah yeah I heard this one.
You get the idea we're cool now. 
Okay well we're still not gonna let you out of this crate. 
Fine I'll just do it myself. 
If you could get out that whole time why didn't you? 
Because I waited until I was certain it was what I wanted to do Morty.
That's the difference between you and me.
I'm certain and you're a walking burlap sack filled with turds. 
You know geez Rick y--y--you're really tearing into me right now.
You know words hurt. 
Oh my God! 
It's a monster! 
Oh my God!
It's a monster! 
It's a monster! 
It's a monster! 
Ey ye ey quit yellin' quit yellin'. 
Oh my God… 
What the fuck?!
Your time is all ripped up to hell!
You broke your time twice! 
How did this happen? 
Yeah but we don't even know the first time… 
Who's that Brother Newman time elf? 
Shut the fuck up!
Oh damn I'm from the 4th dimension.
I can hear all o' y'all.
Now let's just see what we got here for a second. 
Ay damn it were you tryin' to use this to- oh see you broke time and you thought you could just stick it back together with this?
How you think you gonna move time while you're standin in it you dumn ass three-dimensional monkey ass dummies? 
Oh way to go Rick. 
Yeah Grampa way to go. 
Oh what you're just gonna listen to this guy now?
He's got a giant testicle for a head!
He came here in a bubble.
For all we know he could be the David Berkowitz of Nutsack Land. 
Shut up.
Here put these on.
They'll sync your possibilities up so I can bring you back to certain time.
Y'all just-just negligent now ay ay ay the three of you put your collars on! 
We're not wearing collars. 
Exactly because you're being obstinate. 
Alright fine.
Summer Morty put 'em on. 
Yes we're back problem solved. 
Yes we're back to our own time. 
Yes no more cats no more cats oh you did it you fixed it. 
Yeah now keep those collars on so you don't break your weak ass time again. 
How long exactly do we have to wear these things?
They're really embarassing. 
Well since you're goin' to time prison I'd say you can keep em on forever. 
Time prison? 
Yeah well I don't know where you expect me to think you got that crystal over there but the only way you dumb ass assin' ass asses could ever have one is if it was stolen. 
You stole a time freezing crystal from testical monsters? 
I would have been happy to pay for it Summer but they don't exactly sell them at Costco.
Besides there's a larger lesson to be learned here.
Get him! 
Ututututut!
You'd better keep back!
Man this will turn your ass into a third trimester fetus from 30 yards. 
Hmm… 
Isn't there a kitten somewhere that needs a manicure? 
That's right Mrs.
Smith give in to your anger.
Neglect that deer. 
Honey it's gonna be okay.
These men are from the Cervine Institute of Elk Moose Deer and Stag.
They can take this deer to a helicopter and fly it to the country's top deer surgeon on a wildlife reserve across the state border where your jurisdiction ends. 
I guess that's the end of that. 
There is just one more thing.
According to this state's veterinarian statute this animal can't be transferred until the current attending physician verbally confirms their inability to provide adequate care.
You heard the man horse doctor you have to say you couldn't hack it. 
We did it… 
Uh-huh no motha- no Earth dude I'm talking 'bout yeah with the dinosaurs.
No if you've get to the dolphin people you've gone too far.
Alright man I'll talk to you later okay.
You know what they do with 3rd dimensional life forms in time prison?
Same thing they do in every other prison only forever. 
Why are you doing this? 
You think I wanna be an omniscient immortal being transcending time and space my whole life?
I got ambitions man bringin' you guys in is my ticket up. 
What if I told you there's a huge ticket up right behind you? 
You really think I'm that stupid? 
Alright hear me out on this.
You're immortal right which means your life is infinite.
Well in that case there's 100% chance that you'll eventually do everything including turning around to look behind you. 
I cannot argue that. 
Ah God gross and weird! 
Chris! 
You killed my gun! 
Summer Morty take off your collars! 
What?
What the hell are you doing? 
Good question.
I suppose I'm not certain! 
Oh no what are you doin'? 
I have no idea! 
I'm not sure. 
Lis- ay to AH.
But these arms are vestigial.
Now you poked me where an eye would have been about six million years ago. 
Ow I'm defeated… 
Look I know I was kind of a nuisance today.
I know it's my fault we hit the deer and I know you wanted to be the one to save it. 
Whatever.
How petty would I have to be to care less about an animal's life than my own ego? 
Hmm… you'd have to be pretty petty.
But you'd still be the woman I married. 
Where are we going? 
One last stop. 
Where's the helicopter? 
There is no helicopter and there is no Cervine Institute. 
But the top deer surgeon… 
I'm looking at her.
Thanks for F.D.'ing me up like that. 
You'd better get moving these lights are designed for basic ice cream work they're not gonna last all night. 
I need five minutes. 
Jerry this was the most romantic weekend I've ever had. 
Thanks to Cold Stone Creamery. 
You're welcome. 
Yes oh yes yes! 
Woohoo!
Whoo!
Whoo! 
Oh that was a close call.
Oh yeah do it Rick do it right. 
You know what I'm talking about oh yeah.
I'm gonna do the cabbage patch Morty.
Check me out I'm doing the cabbage patch dance.
It's a classic dance remember like this.
Oh shit look at that. 
Do the cabbage patch.
Do--do--do the dance. 
Hey wait a second how come you guys took longer to get here? 
I don't know.
I think like one sixty-fourth of my collars didn't work.
It's hard to keep straight now that I have sixty-three other memories of everything. 
Yeah. 
But I feel like one of the sixty-four Ricks like sacrificed himself for me maybe I think. 
Shut up Morty.
The last time you felt something we all almost died.
You little s--piece of shit. 
Hey guys we're home. 
Um hold the phone where did you guys get those necklaces from?
Uh Lady Gaga table for three am I right? 
Are you guys Power Rangers?
But only on one small part of your necks?
Hey do those things need batteries?
Were they included?
Clean up in the fruit isle!
Not in a homophobic way though they're just fruity necklaces is all I was saying. 
I'm gonna pee my pants. 
Doesn't feel so good does it? 
No it doesn't.
It hurts. 
I'm gonna pee-hee-hee. 
Somebody call the planet of Tron we have three Tron people over here.
But seriously are these Halloween costumes?
Are you going as motorcycles?
With green headlights instead of normal ones?
Are you dogs?
Robot dogs?
Gosh you guys are lame.
Are those chokers from the 90's?
What is this a 90's nostalgia thing?
Are you guys in that movie The Craft with Fairuza Balk? 
Hey man when the hell were you? 
Looking for you asshole. 
I told you past the dinosaurs. 
You know how much time is past the dinosaurs?
Half of all time! 
Come on man it's this way… 
Come on give me that thing speed it up he can't be this far back. 
There he is there he is there he is there he is stop stop. 
So that's the guy huh? 
Yeah that's him.
Hey man remember me? [he and Monster B start beating up Einstein knocking him to the ground] I got something for your ass!
You don't mess with time!
You don't fuck with time motherer! 
I vill mess vith time! 
I vill mess vith time… 
What?
I'm not hitting that ignore button Rick.
We're going to help those people in distress. 
Well what do you think when do Rick?
We're just ignore the call?
Huh?
You know maybe maybe we should take off.
This doesn't look like anything going on here. 
No Morty no.
We have to help people. 
Oh my god!
It's one of those facehunters from the alien movie! 
Holy crap.
I think it's dead. 
Oh god Morty dialtotcities.
Did all the drugs and alcohol swirling about my system. 
Wow Rick you know they say don't do drugs.
But I think this might be a case for him. 
And alcohol Morty. 
Yeah and alcohol. 
Somebody get a memo to all the characters in those alien movies stat. 
Yeah no kidding.
You know never I thought I say this.
Thank god you drink those drugs and alcohol you know. 
Morty you don't drink drugs. 
Well whatever I don't know.
I'm innocent. 
Last King Christmas last arrived! 
In the Christmas Christmas!
Mmm… Jerry you are really giving it to this ham. 
Um Merry Christmas?
Helloooo?
My parents are coming over for the first time in years!
Can we stow the gadgets and look alive? 
Alive?
For your parents? 
Good one. 
Hey man! 
You 'hey man'!
This holiday is about humanity. 
You know I thought it was about being born half-God or something. 
Okay whatever.
All electronic items are going in the stocking.
Now. 
Ohhhh… 
Dad I'm not giving you my phone. 
Put it in the stocking Summer or I'm joining Facebook. 
Ho ho ho everybody. 
More like whoa whoa whoa.
What is this?
My parents are coming! 
Calm down Jerry this is Ruben an old friend. 
Pearl Harbor. 
I check in on him once a year and give him a little medical evaluation. 
Aw Dad… That is so sweet. 
Yeah it is… I don't get it. 
Korea. 
Don't worry about your C-C-Christmas Jerry.
Ruben and I'll be in my workshop while you have another day in Phil Collins' proverbial paradise. 
Huh.
You think you know a guy.
Okay there's my parents.
Now remember no TV no phones no laptops we are connecting this Christmas like old-school Jews on a Saturday.
Hey hey! 
Merry Christmas son. 
Oh hi.
Can I help you? 
Jerry this is Jacob.
Didn't you get our text message? 
You must be Jerry!
That's a fine lookin' apron.
William Sonoma? 
I wish… But thank you.
So… you're a…friend of the family…? 
The way we see it he's a part of the family. 
Wow! 
After your father's brush with cancer and losing your uncle we looked at life and wondered how have we spent it?
And how do we spend the rest of it?
What are we going to be when we die?
A list of fears and questions or a collection of real experiences? 
Holy crap Joyce.
That's amazing. 
Then Jacob came into our lives.
We're learning to live again. 
All three of us. 
…Cool… Eggnog? 
Now we are talkin'!
This man's got the apron and the eggnog huh? 
Hi Joyce Leonard.
Hello there. 
Merry Christmas man. 
Morty!
A moment of your time? 
He's in bad shape Morty. 
Aw geez Rick!
What did you do? 
Gee thanks Morty.
What kind of monster do you think I am?
I-I'm sittin' here trying to save the guy's life!
I want you to find Dr.
Xenon Bloom.
He'll know what's goin' on. 
Uh… W-W-Where do I find Dr.
Bloom? 
In Ruben. 
Ruben… Minnesota? 
Ruben on the table Morty!
Look I-I don't have time for you to wrap your little walnut around everything.
Hold your breath until the process is over or your lungs will collapse. 
W-What proc-- 
Hey Dad where's Morty? 
He's busy. 
Rick… Where am I? 
Depending on my aim you should be just south of the entrance. 
Welcome Morty.
Welcome… …to Anatomy Park! 
It's a little business venture I've been cookin' up on the side with Dr.
Bloom.
An amusement park inside a human body.
Science isn't cheap Morty.
This should really help put a dent in the overhead. 
Oh my God!
This is insane!
Spleen Mountain?
Bladder Falls?
Pirates of the Pancreas? 
You got a problem with that last one Morty? 
Huh?
No no I'm just reading them out loud in the order I'm seeing them. 
Okay alright if I sounded a little defensive it's because Pirates of the Pancreas was my baby. 
I-I got a lot of push-back when I pitched it Morty.
I guess I'm still a little defensive.
Let's just find Dr.
Bloom alright?
I-I'm picking up a distress signal in the liver Morty. 
Proceed to the liver. 
Arriving at 'Liver'. 
Ow! 
Mind the gap. 
It's really scary in here Rick. 
Liver's under maintenance.
Ruben's seen some rough years Morty.
Don't judge.
You don't agree to have a theme park built inside you if your life's going great. 
OOOOHHH!
Rick it's a monster! 
No no Morty.
The only monster here is alco-- --holism.
That is an animatronic werewolf. 
Who are you?
Answer me!
Where did you come from? 
Mmm!
M-M-My-my-my Grandpa Rick sent me! 
Oh… 
Hey Bloom it's Rick.
What the hell's goin' on here? 
Exhibits? 
Watch it. 
Diseases?! 
Hey Doc I have news for ya.
Your living museum is officially a wild safari! 
Hepatitis A!
Run! 
Oh… The food goes in your mouth girl! 
Aha… I'm sorry Jacob I guess I'm still confused about the precise nature and origin of your relationship with my parents.
Are you like a--Are you like their caretaker?
Is that what it is? 
We can go into detail later son. 
Now wait there there's no point to secrecy.
Let's all live and die honestly.
Your mother and I have shared forty years of each other mind body and soul. (Jerry and Jacob smile at each other but when Jacob looks away Jerry's smile becomes a glare.) And when minds and souls are joined for eternity and when eternity is at the door it's an invitation to let go of the body and an opportunity to share and experiment. 
Dad please what are you saying? 
Whatever it is it's beautiful Leonard.
And we support you. 
Speak for yourself!
Because it heheh it sounds like you're about to say Jacob is your lover. 
No no no no no no.
Jacob is your mother's lover.
I watch them.
Sometimes from a chair sometimes from a closet.
Almost always dressed as Superman. 
Oh… 
Jerry this ham's got to be all you right?
It's in-cred-i-ble. 
Happy human holiday Dad. 
AHHHHHH! 
That's strange… Air flow is down twenty percent. 
W-Well I guess we better check it out. 
Hey wait for me! 
If we got up to the bronchial catwalk we could look for blockage. 
I'll go.
Heheh… 
Don't be a hero kid. 
I'm not.
I'm doin' it because it's fun. 
We shouldn't be here. 
Ah! 
Whoa!
Whoa! 
Oh!
What are those things?! 
Not faster than a bullet!
Ahh! 
Waaaah!
Don't let me die! 
Just take a deep breath Ruben. 
You're not gonna die!
What's your name? 
My name is… ALEXANDEEEEEEEER! 
Rick!
Ruben's got tuberculosis! 
Oh great work Morty.
I'll just cure it and then-- 
Okay.
Well I can't cure death.
This is bad Morty.
You're trapped in a dead man.
Listen if the situation keeps darkening do yourself a favor-- 
--and hop by Pirates of the Pancreas.
Obviously I'm biased but I think it's great Morty. 
*sitting in a lounge chair pulls out a flask* It's a bunch of pirates runnin' around a-a-a- pancreas.
We don't whitewash it either Morty.
The pirates are really rapey.
The top priority is to get you guys out of there but I'm just saying if that becomes impossible-- 
--please you gotta treat yourself. 
Geez what's that horrible smell? 
Forget about the park Doctor!
How do we get out?! 
Everybody!
Get to the colon! 
Now I'm takin' orders from a twelve-year-old boy?! 
Intestines are ahead to the left.
Then the right.
Then left.
Et cetera. 
Hey just so you know I-I'm actually fourteen.
So you know… 
What? 
Not twelve. 
Okay. 
Because he just said I was twelve. 
Oh.
Good for you. 
Nnn… 
It's a road of laughter a trail of food.
It's a pathway that breaks up the fat in food.
It's a tube in the chest and it sends out the rest.
It's a small small intestine! 
It goes on like this for miles… 
Shh.
I hear something. 
We're sitting ducks! 
Doc!
Didn't you say the body was filling up with gas? 
Kid!
You're a genius! 
Everybody!
In here! 
Hey Gonorrhea!
How's this for a burning sensation? 
Drummer drum drum drum!
Drummer drum drum drum drum Christmas drums! 
Oh Summer.
Sing it!
Haha. 
Christmas drums being played by a boy! 
Jerry come on.
This is what you wanted. 
I get it Beth.
Be careful what you wish for.
I'm being punished for taking your iPad. 
What?
Jerry let that stuff go okay?
I'm sorry I was a bitch earlier.
Let's just be here. 
Ugh… Summer! 
Ethan what are you doing here? 
I've been texting you for hours.
What the hell?! 
I don't have my phone!
I'm doing a human holiday! 
Did you even consider how that might make me feel? 
How you feel?
Why is everything always happening to you?! 
Summer do you have a boyfriend? 
Yeah do you Summer? 
I don't know Ethan do I? 
Jerry no disrespect but you really need to connect more with your family man. 
I should be able to access the backup generator to get the growth ray back online.
If it works we'll be regular-sized in a few minutes.
I just hope Ruben's not in a room with white carpets or upholstery. 
What the hell is that? 
Almost got it.
Everybody move inside the circle! 
Poncho?
What is this in your backpack? 
Everybody get back! 
That's right baby.
A lot of people would pay top dollar to decimate the population.
I'll take the highest bidder.
Al Quaeda.
North Korea.
Republicans!
Shriners!
Balding men that work out!
People on the Internet that are only turned on by cartoons of Japanese teenagers!
Anything is better than working for you!
You pompous negligent iTunes Gift Card as a holiday bonus-giving-- 
AHHHHH!!! 
Ah!
Eh!
Get!
Get off!
Ahhhh! 
You guys! 
It's gonna burst!
Go!
Go go go!
My foot is stuck! 
No! 
This is okay!
It's okay just go!
Tell my family I love them!
They may be hard to find because my wife kept her last name and she made the kids take it too so I dunno you can-- 
No! 
Let me ask you something Ethan.
Where's the anger coming from man? 
From Summer being a total bitch! 
Where's the anger coming from? 
…My brother… took me fishing once…in the bushes… I can't… I can't!
He made me feel like a girl!
I'm… m-made me a girl! 
He didn't make you anything man.
You are who you are.
She is who she is.
Now you go to her.
Brand new. 
Come here right now! 
Oh my god I'm so sorry Ethan!
I love you! 
I love you so much. 
Um… 
You did it again cubby.
Come here. 
No!
Stop!
I hate this! 
Well Christmas doesn't revolve around what you hate son. 
Well then I hate Christmas!
Enjoy being human!
You guys are gross and lame. 
My name's Ruben Ridley.
You're inside me right now but by the end of this journey I'll be inside all of you. 
My story begins in the dot com crash in the early '90s. 
You can put your fingers wherever you want… 
I'm trying to concentrate. 
Ah Rick? 
Not now Jerry.
I've got much much smaller fish to fry. 
I wanted to say I'm sorry I ever judged you.
*leans on the ping pong table looking down at Ruben's corpse* Right now you're my sanest relative. 
Relative… That's it!
Relative size!
Jerry hand me a scalpel and a bundle of dynamite!
Morty!
Can you get to the left nipple? 
Are you kidding?
I'm hoping I can get to both of them Rick. 
We need to get to the left nipple! 
If it'll get us out of here. 
Why are you doing this bit?
We're gonna die.
Let's go. 
Well I can see that you're busy… Merry Christmas Rick. 
…Uh well… 
What the hell is that? 
They're chewing through the doors! 
Euuuugh!
We're in the areola Rick!
Almost to the nipple!
But we're also in a really bad situation! 
I'm almost there Morty! 
Reports are coming in from across the country about what appears to be a giant naked man over the continental United States.
We now go to Tom Randolph in New York.
Tom? 
Well his eyes aren't twinkling and his dimples aren't merry but I'm standing under a nose like a seventy-mile cherry! 
Thank you Tom.
Let's go now to Eric McMan in Los Angeles. 
We've got feet here on the West Coast Bill!
Giant feet even relative to the giant man's size!
And you know what they say about that! 
Well if the old adage is true one can only wonder what is going down in the Rocky Mountains. 
Oh my god the track! 
It's Hepatitis A! 
The nipple hole… 
It's beautiful… 
Aw no! 
Whoa!
It's Hepatitis C! 
Um… We… Did we have some sort of relationship with him? 
I… think they're just like that?
I think they're just good guys. 
Oh.
Huh. 
Where's Dr.
Bloom? 
Sorry Rick… He's dead… 
Goddamn it Morty I ask you to do one thing! 
Jerry doesn't know what he's missing. 
He'll come around Beth.
Christmas is a special time.
It has funny ways of bringing families together. 
I dunno Jacob.
Jerry got an invitation to be alive today and he rejected it.
I don't know if our marriage will-- 
It's raining blood! 
Listen find Jerry! 
Oh god. 
Jerry! 
It's alright!
The TV says there's nothing to worry about. 
Dad can I have my phone back? 
Sure sweetie.
*pulls out the stocking and gives Summer her phone then gives Beth her tablet* Everybody take a device.
It'll help you relax. 
This is nice. 
Yeah.
I guess we really learned something this Christmas Jacob. 
No we didn't Dad.
No we didn't. 
Too bad about Dr.
Bloom.
*Rick Annie and Morty exit the car* He was a genius.
The only man capable of creating a new Anatomy Park. 
Actually I studied Dr.
Bloom's work.
I believe I have the knowledge necessary to create a new much safer park! 
What about Pirates of the Pancreas…? 
I think it was one of the most underrated attractions. 
Booyah!
Hold your breath! 
Hey wh-wh- What the hell Rick?
What the hell man?
I liked her!
I really had somethin' going there Rick! 
Yeah so I heard.
You dodged a bullet Morty trust me.
Puffy vagina. 
W-What's wrong with that?
That doesn't sound like a problem to me!
I dunno! 
C'mon.
Let's get some stuffing I'm starving. 
Oh unbelievable.
We got a bunch of robot computer people sittin' around with their faces stuffed in computer screens.
Do you realize Christ was born today?
Jesus Christ our Savior was born today!
A-A-A-Are you people even human?
What kind of Christmas is this? 
Loud and clear Annie. 
Great!
We're also on with Alejandro our Chief Imaginarian-- 
Hey Rick. 
Natalie Jacobs and Chris Desiter from Microscopic Marketing Zach from Organ Concepts and Jamie from New Media. 
Hey everybody. 
Hey hi Rick how's it goin'. 
So.
Pirates of the Pancreas. 
Yeah talk to me. 
Hey Rick it's Alejandro speaking.
Um so we asked ourselves internally we asked ourselves over here Okay what does a pancreas do?
And the answer was does it make pirates?
No.
It makes insulin you know?
So we're starting with a new-- 
So those guys are inside me huh?
Like building a park? 
Those guys are inside you building a piece of shit Ethan!
They're inside you building a monument to compromise!
Fuck.
Fuck those people.
Fuck this whole thing Ethan. 
….Cool.
And who pays me? 
Love.
Connection.
Experience. 
Yeah Morty 
Come together.
With love. connection experience! 
It's my favourite song 
Hahahahaha yeah 
Oh yeah distress beacon!
Yeah baby! 
You're excited about that? 
The first rule of space travel kids is always check out distress beacons; nine out of ten times its a ship full of dead aliens and a bunch of free shit! 
Whoa! 
One out of ten times its a deadly trap but I'm ready to roll those dice! 
Seems like something terrible happened here. 
Yeah.
Cha-ching.
Oh yeah if you find a room full of eggs don't shy away from it give one of them a shake.
Those facehuggers are worth more than this ship. 
Uh what's that? 
This will make the cops write it up as a looting by the Korblocks. 
That's horrible! 
I hear you man cops are racist. 
Oh hey!
You're alive!
Thank God. 
Can you help us?
Our planet was taken over by some kind of entity!
It absorbed the minds of our people! 
We didn't notice until it was too late.
The people it takes over they look like your friends your family your leaders but they're not themselves any more; They're part of It. 
And how do you know it didn't get on the ship with you?
Those two ding-dongs seem pretty calm about the whole thing. 
Called it. 
Unity!? 
Rick? 
Grandpa? 
Oh boy.
Uh these are my grandkids Summer and Morty.
Summer Morty this is uh Unity.
We sort of used to uh date. 
Quite an operation you got going here Une.
You're a whole planet now huh? 
After we broke up I spend some time wandering through space 
You mean stealing peoples' bodies? 
Summer rude.
Why don't you kids run off and play with Unity while Unity and I do some catching up. 
Ugh. 
Wait!
Rick aren't these people going to barf into our mouths and absorb us? 
You're guests here on my planet you're free to be yourselves; I've never been good at disappointing Rick. 
Well now I'm going to barf.
Come on Morty. 
Jerry what are you- what are you doing in here? 
I'm trying to find our weed whacker 'cause our weeds are wack yo. 
But you can't go in the garage when Rick's not here. 
I can't? 
Well he doesn't like it. 
What's he gonna do crash rent-free at his other family's house? 
What is that supposed to mean? 
Your dad gets to walk all over us because of your abandonment issues!
He's playing you shorty. 
Oh stop affecting that stupid hip-hop dialect! 
Stop shifting the crosshairs to my ironic urban patois just because your relationship with your father is toe-up from the flow-up. 
What the hell was that? 
I don't know let's just leave! 
That is a hatch!
Your father put a hatch in my garage! 
You don't know it was him!
Anyway we're not supposed to be in here! 
Obviously neither is whatever's gurgling down there. 
World peace achieved.
Nice!
A little weird to publish a paper about it for yourself but hey.
So what's next? 
After I become a type-one civilisation this world will be invited into the Galactic Federation. 
Oh goody. 
From there I'll have access to countless planets and species. 
One by one I will unify them I will become the universe and I will be what the single-minded once called a god. 
I like that.
Oh that's pretty sexy.
Hey listen where can I get a drink around here? 
Unity Unity who am I talking to?
I watched you assimilate a whole police station just to get your hands on the evidence locker. 
Rick when we met I was a young hivemind with the population of a small town.
People… change. 
Especially when I change them.
I'm sorry to disappoint you but… I've grown. 
Hey listen I've grown too.
I have!
See I've- I've reconnected with my family right? 
Maybe it's part of getting old.
Maybe I just miss being with… a collective. 
Yes Rick!
Yes!
Yes! 
Oh yeah! 
Yes!
Yes! 
Wait wait stop!
H-Hold it!
Not like this.
We need a hang glider.
And a crotchless Uncle Sam costume.
And I want the entire field of your largest stadium covered end to end with naked redheads!
And I want the stands packed with every man that remotely resembles my father! 
Look at 'em go!
So coordinated!
What's your problem?
They're making you into a Mount Rushmore!
They made burgers! 
Morty open your eyes!
There is no they!
These poor people's' bodies are being used!
They're a planet of puppets! 
Ugh! 
Well seems like everybody here's cool with it.
Except for all those redheads.
They seem like they're in a hurry to be somewhere else. 
Balloon Summer?
Balloon Morty? 
No we don't want your dumb balloons.
We're bored.
Take us back to Rick. 
Now's… not a good time. 
Oh yeah!
I want youuuuuu! 
Go son go!
Go son go!
Go son go! 
Oh!
Real nice!
Real nice!
How does a man do this without me noticing? 
Oh you know my dad.
Once he puts his mind to something… 
You're spinning this to his credit? 
I'm going down there. 
Jerry! 
Beth this is my house which makes this my garage my secret hatch my hidden subterranean lair and my faceless gargler.
Now are you going to keep hating this playa or are you gonna jack my steed? 
Okay you're just making stuff up now. 
Oh my god.
Oh my god. 
Oh Rick it was so bad. 
What's this 'was' stuff?
I just need to hydrate and then we're doing that again! 
Oh damn. 
Listen if this is an invasion I gotta sit this one out but I'll- I'll be back to have sex with the survivors. 
It's a neighboring hivemind species Beta-7.
Our planet's maintained a practical alliance for exchange of vital resources.
So be nice! 
All bad I hope. 
Whoa Jesus Christ! 
Beta-7 if my allies are a problem for you perhaps our alliance is as well. 
Oh snap!
Powdered neutronium?
Amphetetron?
You know what I can make with this stuff? 
Oh… Rick I- I shouldn't… 
Come on it's not every day that I'm in town!
It- it's for old time's sake. 
Uh… Okay what the hell!
We can purify the resin and make fractal dust! 
Oh I was thinking velocitinis but… 
Aww old man Rick can't party with the whole planet? 
I can do whatever you do and more baby. 
You know I think Beta-7 over there is hoping your alliance can be more than practical. 
Well this explains the six thousand dollar electric bill. 
Well.
Nice.
Real nice.
Alien prisoners under the house.
Real nice.
Nice.
Reeeal- 
Goddamn it stop. 
Wake up people!
You have to fight it!
You're under the spell of an evil monster! 
Yeah!
So you keep saying! 
Wake up!
You have to have some individuality left in there! 
I'm not talking to you!
I'm talking to… 
…Steven Phillips!
Steven!
Set yourself free! 
…Yeah well so what?
At least he was himself. 
Listen Unity I don't think my sister's trying to say that life would be perfect without you.
I think she's just saying that life would be… you know life. 
Oh my god.
Where did you learn to talk you grandpa-stealing slut? 
Oh man!
Let me help all of you guys up! 
I'm fine! 
Do you know what I love about you Rick?
You're the only single mind I've met who really sees the big picture. 
You got that right.
But… baby listen.
Y-you're talking about taking over planets and galaxies you gotta… you gotta just… remember to let go sometimes you know. 
I can let go!
Hey look!
You see that town across the river?
Watch this. 
Ha ha!
Woot! 
Whoa!
That's not what I meant! 
It's okay!
It's okay I evacuated!
I evacuated the town look! 
Hey!
Right here!
We're fine! 
Oh that was awesome!
My grandkids weren't in that town right?
A-are my grandkids alive? … H-hey my drink is empty. 
Aah! 
Unity what's happening? 
Who's Unity?
You kids have nice feet.
Mind if I take a picture? 
Gross no! 
I think you're getting what you wanted Summer.
Something's happening to Unity. 
Do… all of you remember who you are? 
…Yeah.
My name is Ron Benson.
I'm… an electrical engineer.
Father of two and as you can see from my flat concentric nipple rings I'm a member of this planet's top race! 
Okay that's good!
Uh… Don't focus too much on the last part but… 
I'm Daryll Jefferson.
I'm a landscaper.
And I'll be damned if that ripple-nipple bitch's race is superior!
The cone-nipple people will rule this world! 
You shut your mouth you dirty knife-nipple bastards! 
What'd you say to me you target-chested piece of shit? 
Race war! 
Why are you fighting?
Can't you see you're all the same? 
Ah Summer.
Ha ha.
First race war huh? 
Way to go Summer.
You started a race war. 
I didn't start it!
They're the racists!
I… I merely empowered them to follow their apparently misguided dreams! 
Okay thanks for clarifying!
Y- I'll have a super accurate headstone now! 
Hey wait what race are you guys? 
We're neither!
S-see? 
Yeah take my word for it.
We just have regular nipples. 
Hey!
These two freaks have no race! 
Oh there's no place like home!
There's no place like home!
Remember Summer? 
From Dorothy and The Tiny People movie? 
O-oh yes yes yes… 
All the tiny people? 
Dorothy take us away!
Take us away! 
Hello Summer.
Hello Morty. 
It's okay!
You're safe now. 
Yes. 
Oh Unity I am so sorry.
I didn't know freedom meant people doing stuff that sucks!
I was thinking more of… a choose-your-own-cellphone-carrier thing. 
Oh Summer you did nothing wrong!
I'm having fun with your grandpa!
Lost a little control.
Probably shouldn't be piloting a hovercopter nor should I be… running two hundred thousand pediatric hospitals and twelve million deep friers but hey!
It's not like this planet can take its business elsewhere! 
Um… should we maybe stop somewhere and get you a coffee?
Maybe splash a little water on your face or…? 
No no if I wanted to be sober I wouldn't have gotten drunk!
Wooohoooo! 
Oh man.
I cannot wait.
I cannot wait to hear Rick explain his way around this.
He is gone! 
Jerry stop!
Please okay we weren't even supposed to be down here.
If we confront him about this- 
Oh my god!
I love this!
I love that this is how far you will go for him.
You wanna go upstairs and cut carrots and watch a lifetime original above a fucking alien dungeon!
Your relationship with your father is psychotic! 
Oh listen to you relish the idea that my genius father is a bad person!
Step out of your ego for a second and look at this thing!
It's a monster!
He might have it chained up so that it doesn't eat the planet! 
Right because your father's such an altruist?
I once saw him briefly forget the word for humans!
He's probably harvesting this creature's organs! 
He's probably racing to cure its space aids! 
He's going to eat it! 
He's protecting it! 
Unity!
This place is a mess! 
Oh it's cool!
The part of me that's the cleaning lady is coming on Friday.
Oh my god!
I have a meeting at the galactic federation in an hour.
Oh I'll never make it!
Ah I'll push it to next week. 
Unity could you get Rick out here please? 
He's… unavailable!
He's- 
Having sex with you we get it!
Gross.
Get him out here now. 
I don't think he wants to be- 
Grandpa Rick! 
Rick!
Rick! 
I'm gonna tell mom and dad about the gagoo you have locked up under the garage! 
What the hell… is your problem? 
Grandpa we need to go home!
Now! 
Fine geez! 
Uh Rick?
I think we should all go. 
Tend your garden kids I'm kinda doing a thing here. 
Grandpa Rick we're not leaving without you! 
Oh my god you guys I get it.
You're afraid the big bad hivemind is gonna steal your grandpa away. 
Actually no.
I think Unity's great and you're a horrible influence on it! 
What? 
This isn't healthy Rick!
Y- you know you-you're really up to no good around here.
I-at-at this place you know? 
You and Unity are like… like… leggings and mid-calf boots.
You think you're great together but you're just bringing out the worst in each other! 
Oh gee boy Summer well put.
Uh why don't we see what Unity thinks.
Unity? 
Oh hey wh-what's this on the news guys?
L-l-let me turn it up. 
In the news today this looks a lot worse than it is.
We're… really just having a good time.
Karen? 
Thanks Todd.
Are you a concerned grandchild or just a buzzkill?
We'll tell you how you can really know for sure! 
I think you two are a little outnumbered. 
Okay!
Well what if you did it for me?
What if you came with us as a favour to us… because you love us? 
What?
Dumb.
Bye. 
But Rick Summer's just- 
Summer's just a hyper-emotional needy little- what's the word I'm looking for here… uh- human!
It runs in the family!
I can tolerate it but I can't give a crap about it.
Take a hike. 
Take care of yourself Unity. 
I'm not looking for judgement just a yes or no.
Can you assimilate a giraffe? 
You're the worst! 
No!
You're the worst!
You don't support this family! 
All you care about is yourself! 
You think supporting the family is about supporting you emotionally… 
You've got two children being dragged across the cosmos… 
…but you're unsupportable!
Because it's never enough Jerry! 
…by your dangerously ill father and you force me to watch it happen! 
It will never be enough support to satisfy you!
And you don't even know what it's like… 
Because you'd rather lose them and lose me than lose him! 
…to be afraid of losing anything because you cling and you cling and you cling… 
And why?
Because you're the child Beth.
You not me you! 
Aaah! 
Oh my god! 
Aah! 
Um first of all hello.
Uh my name is Blim Blam the korblok.
Second of all cards I am a murderer that eats babies and I came to this planet to eat babies.
However I am also carrying a highly infectious disease that I suppose you could call 'space aids' as you put it and Rick did chain me up so that he could attempt to cure it.
At the same time Rick's motivation to cure my disease was not to save my life or anyone else's but to patent and sell the cure for billions of blemflarks.
But you know the reason why I ripped my chains out of the wall?
And do you know why I'm never coming back to this planet?
Because the two of you are the fucking worst!
You both hate yourselves and each other!
And the idea that it has anything to do with Rick is laughable!
I'd laugh but I'm biologically incapable that's how alien I am!
And even I'm sitting here listening to the two of you and being like what the fuck!
So!
Good luck with your shitty marriage and I'm sorry that Rick has to deal with either of you.
Blim Blam out! 
You know what?
I'm taking this. 
How do you- what is this? 
Uh is there a slow setting?
Best door ever. 
Aaah!
Okay okay now make him cry.
But happy cry.
Now make 'em all make fun of the blonde one.
Now make 'em all do it on the table!
I can't believe you created a whole show for me.
Now cancel it!
Okay now put it back on.
Haha!
Alright I'm bored. 
Rick is there a way for you to call Summer and Morty?
I feel bad that they- 
Pfft screw those guys!
Uugh I'll be right back.
Don't waste your brain on those weirdos Unity.
They're no different from any other aimless chumps that you occupy.
They just put you at the centre of their lives because you're powerful and then because they put you there they want you to be less powerful.
Never gonna happen though right? 
Never!
Back in a flash. 
Best weekend ever Rick!
I agree Rick!
Let's see how long we can go! 
Hey Une!
You got any more- 
Rick forgive me for doing this in notes.
I'm not strong enough to do it in persons. 
I realise now that I'm attracted to you for the same reason I can't be with you.
You can't change.
And I have no problem with that but… it clearly means I have a problem with myself. 
I'm sure there's no perfect version of me.
I'm sure I'll just unify species after species and never really be complete. 
But I know how it goes with us.
I lose who I am and become part of you.
Because in a strange way you're better at what I do without even trying.
Yours and nobody else's Unity.
P.S.
I don't know where those coal miners were before they got assimilated.
You might want to get checked. 
Hey. 
Dad… I… um… Jerry and I were looking for our weed whacker and found your subterranean lair… and your alien prisoner.
And… he got away.
And I know I sound like mom but I can't sacrifice this whole family's safety just because I'm afraid you'll leave again so no more alien prisoners and no more subterranean expedition without consulting us. 
Okay. 
…Okay?
Y-y-y-y-Okay like you're gonna quietly teleport somewhere and never come back? 
No.
It's your house. 
Grandpa Rick!
What happened… with Unity? 
Who?
Oh.
Unity.
Yeah well I mean honestly we're talking about an entity that thrives on enslavement you know.
It's not cool.
Fun's fun but who needs it?
I'll be in the garage. 
Rick's spaceship is outside Beta-7's main ship.
Rick is driving with Morty in the passenger seat] 
Unity!
Unity!
Unity! 
I wanna talk to Unity.
Beta-7 I know it's in there! 
I know your game Beta-7 I've met a billion of you you little on-deck in-the-wind shoulder to cry on! 
Well you're just loving this mother f- this isn't gonna shape out like you think pal!
Unity's not into other hiveminds!
It's gonna suck you in and use you up and a month from now I'm going to be making out with all of you in a bunch of red wigs!
Unity!
Unity!
Unity I know you can hear me!
Get out here! 
Oh in your dreams you have weapons systems. 
Ugh Rick you said we were going to a movie. 
We are Morty.
Alright Beta-shit-7 you just got saved by the bell bitch! 
they're no different from any of the aimless chumps that you occupy they just put you at the center of their lives because your powerful then because they put you there they want you to be less powerful.
Never gonna happen tho right. 
Never 
So dad guess what tomorrow is… 
Martin Luther King Jr.'s birthday. 
No… well it might be… 
It is. 
Fine but also tomorrow is your one year anniversary back in our lives.
I'm gonna make you flying saucer-shaped pancakes. 
Oh there's no need to do that Beth.
Regular pancakes are fine. 
Happy anniversary dad! 
Oh I get it.
Regular pancakes are already shaped like flying saucers.
Mmm I should be making you breakfast for putting up with me. 
Should be making us a whole restaurant. 
Nonsense we couldn't be happier to have you around.
I just wish I got to see more of you. 
Rick Sanchez of Earth dimension C-137.
You are under arrest for crimes against alternate Ricks by the authority of the transdimensional council of Ricks. 
Hey!
What the heck? 
Neutralise the Jerry. 
Wait no! 
Dad! 
Dad! 
Rick! 
Everybody relax.
If I know these a-holes and I am these a-holes they just wanna haul me to their stupid clubhouse and waste my time with a bunch of questions.
Let's get it over with. 
Bring his mo--orty. 
Oh man. 
Leave my Morty out of this! 
You lost the right to have a say in these things when you refused to join the council. 
Wait wh-wh-wh-what about Jerry? 
Will you at least unfreeze my daughter's idiot? 
-give you anything!
I have a rare antique coin collection just don't hurt me!
Okay maybe not antique but it was a limited minting.
They have little R2D2s instead of George Washingtons. 
Our son's been abducted! 
You hate me for buying those coins! 
Geez Rick!
Wh-what is this place? 
The citadel of Ricks.
It's the secret headquarters for the council of Ricks. 
Council of Ricks? 
As you know Morty I've got a lotta enemies in the universe that consider my genius a threat.
Galactic terrorists a few sub-galactic dictators most of the wh-wherever you find people with heads up their asses someone wants a piece of your grandpa.
And a lot of versions of me on different timelines had the same problem.
So a few thousand versions of me had the INGENIOUS IDEA OF BANDING TOGETHER like a herd of cattle or a school of fish or those people who answer questions on yahoo answers. 
Hey what do you know?
It's a cowboy version of me! 
Geez you're easy to impress.
Yeah most timelines have a Rick and most Ricks have a Morty.
This place is a real who's-who of who's you and me. 
Turn your boring old Morty into a hot fashion statement with some Morty dazzlers! 
Hey check this out! 
Show me the Morty! 
Dumb. 
'Scuse me sir is your Morty insured?
You know every year hundreds of Mortys are injured in- 
Back off!
Not my cup of tea this place. 
I say the point of being a Rick is being a Rick. 
Save your anti-Rick speech for the council of Ricks terror-Rick! 
Hey save your Rick rules for the sheep-Ricks Rick-pig! 
Fuck me pal. 
Fuck you?
No no no no no fuck me! 
Bring up the holograms! 
Twenty-seven Ricks brutally murdered in their own timelines.
An unprecedented Rick-icidal epidemic.
What say you Earth Rick C-137? 
You think I did this?
Why am I the first Rick you pull in every time a Rick stubs his toe? 
You have a history of non-cooperation with the council. 
Yeah so does the scientist formerly known as Rick!
Wh-wh-wh-why isn't he here in handcuffs? 
Because he's dead too! 
No! 
Who else would you have us question?
You fit the profile.
Of all the Ricks in the central finite curve you're the malcontent.
The rogue. 
I'm the Rick.
And so were the rest of you before you formed this stupid alliance.
You wanted to be safe from the government so you became a stupid government.
That makes every Rick here less Rick than me. 
(Can you believe this guy?
This guy needs to get out of here etc.
Ad lib) 
Yeah murmur it up d-bags.
Now if you'll excuse me I've got pancakes back home with syrup on top of them.
They're about to hit that critical point of syrup absorption that turns the cakes into a gross paste.
And I hate to get all Andy Rooney about it but I think we all like fluffy discs of cake with syrup on top!
And I think we also like to be accused of crimes when there's evidence!
So as they say in Canada peace oot! 
Evidence?
Good idea.
Scan his portal gun! 
Oh come on.
Don't look at another man's portal gun history.
We-we all go to weird places. 
Yes but it appears you alone have been going to the exact timelines and locations in which the murders occured! 
What?
That's Rick-diculous.
I'm obviously being set up! 
Earth Rick C-137!
The council of Ricks sentences you to the machine of unspeakable doom which swaps your conscious and unconscious minds rendering your fantasies pointless while everything you know becomes impossible to grasp.
Also every ten seconds it stabs your balls. 
I've heard enough. 
Run Morty! 
Uh uh not you! 
Aaaaah! 
Nooo! 
Arrrrgh!
Ahhhh! 
Aaaah! 
Oh!
Oooh! 
Yeah I'd like to order one large person with extra people please. 
White people.
No no no no no black people.
And hispanic on half. 
Yes I'd like to order one large sofa chair with extra chair please. 
High chair.
No no no no no recliner!
And wheelchair on half. 
They could have gone into any one of these. 
(Ugh son of a- aw geez aw man we lost him etc.
Ad lib) 
Yeah I'd like to order one large phone with extra phones please. 
Cellphone.
No no no no no rotary!
And payphone on half. 
That'll keep 'em busy for a while. 
Those guys were wrong right?
You don't- you wouldn't kill yourself… y-yourselves? 
'Course not Morty!
How could that profit me?
Someone out there is killing Ricks and the council ain't gonna stop thinking it's me until we clear our names. 
By finding the real Rick killer. 
I'm scared Rick!
Maybe we should go home and stockpile weapons like that show Doomsday Preppers. 
Not really my style Morty.
Besides your home is most likely swarming with Ricks right now. 
Alright listen Jerry.
If Rick calls this device is going to trace his location.
You just gotta keep 'em on the phone for thirty seconds or longer. 
Who wants lemonade? 
Oh yeah!
Mmm!
Oh delicious! 
Beth you're a treasure. 
I have a Beth just like you in my reality except you know what?
She's not as brilliant or attractive! 
Aww thank you! 
Ohohoho!
She did it!
She did it! 
Hey Jerry it's Rick. 
Rick!
Heyy.
Haha what's- what's up? 
So listen the heat's on and there's nowhere left to turn so Morty and I are just going to fly my spaceship into a black hole. 
Is that cool with you dog? 
Rick no!
Mortyyyy! 
I got it!
The call's coming from… inside the house! 
(Look at his face!
I can't believe our daughter married you too easy etc.
Ad lib) 
The Ricks are probably gonna waste some time messing with Jerry.
They won't be able to help themselves.
But as soon as they get bored they'll be on to us. 
Phones a la clams and phonesgetti with phoneballs.
Anything else? 
Yeah more phonesticks please. 
Right away sir. 
You know Rick when I first saw all those Ricks and Mortys I thought 'gee that kinda devalues our bond.' But then I realised that just means that our relationship must be pretty special to span over all those different timelines. 
Yeah it's gotta be that way.
You're a camouflage. 
Camouflage?
Wh-wh-what are you talking about Rick? 
Ricks have a very distinct and traceable brainwave due to our genius.
The best way to hide from an enemy's radar is to stand near someone with complementary brainwaves that make ours invisible.
See wh-wh-when a Rick is with a Morty the genius waves get cancelled out by the uh Morty waves. 
Um… because… our personalities are so different? 
Oh shit dog!
My portal gun was hacked remotely Morty obviously by the real killer to frame me.
But I was able to trace the signal.
Come on let's go! 
Uh-oh! 
'Scuse me we've tracked a pair of dangerous criminals to this exact location.
They look exactly like us so in order to avoid confusion I'm going to mark us each with a red X right now.
That way if someone has a gun and we both tell you to shoot the other one because they're the evil one you'll know who's lying. 
Hey check it out! 
Dammit! 
Hey you didn't pay your bill! 
The red X!
Red X! 
Hey it's a good thing that space outlet had labcoats and your favourite kind of shirt in stock huh Morty? 
Yeah Rick.
I-I heard you the first time.
You don't have to keep saying it over and over and over. 
Man this place is wayyy off the grid.
This guy does not wanna be found. 
Well if he's a Rick doesn't he just have to stand by a Morty to hide?
I mean isn't that what Mortys are?
Human cloaking devices? 
Morty you're making a bigger deal out of this than it is. 
Oh my god Rick look!
There's a bunch of people strapped all over that building! 
Not people Morty.
Mortys. 
Oh my god… wh-why would somebody do this?
It's horrible! 
Well one Morty's enough to hide from the bureaucrats.
But you g- you get a whole matrix of Mortys and put 'em in agonising pain.
That creates a pattern that can hide even from other Ricks motherfucker.
I fiddled with a concept like this once. 
On paper Morty on paper!
I wouldn't do this it's barbaric overkill.
I mean you could accomplish the same result with like five Mortys and a jumper cable.
Which I also wouldn't do!
I'm just saying it's bad craftsmanship. 
(Yeah!
That's what I like to hear! etc.
Ad lib) 
Hi Jerry! 
Leave me alone I'm working! 
Oh you are?
Wh-wh-what do you do? 
Ugh.
I'm- I'm in between advertising jobs. 
Advertising?
Wow!
So people need help figuring out what to buy and then y-you help them? 
W-well it's a little more complicated than that… 
Well I mean you do it and you seem like a guy that really has it all together! 
Dude are you… wh- you're being a dick right? 
Oh gosh wh- I hope not!
I-I-I-I wouldn't want to offend you in any way! 
You're really a Rick? 
Ohoho!
Y-of course I am!
Just as much as my Morty's a Morty! 
Hey he looks a lot like Eric Stoltz from the movie 'Mask.' You know the one with Cher in it? 
That's right Jerry!
He-he's from a reality where everyone is Eric Stoltz mask people!
He's Eric Stoltz mask Morty!
They assigned him to me because… I never had any kids of my own.
But if I did boy I'd love 'em if they were as smart and as successful as you are Jerry. 
Hey get a load of this!
Jerry's hanging out with doofus Rick. 
Haha this is perfect. 
Oh is that the timeline where everybody eats poop?
Jerry you know this guy eats poop right? 
Hey!
I don't eat poop!
Y-you guys are always so mean to me! 
I guess it's only fair to tell you now Jerry… I'm the worst Rick of them all. 
According to who?
Other versions of you?
If I've learned one thing it's that before you get anywhere in life you gotta stop listening to yourself. 
Wow you really are wise Jerry.
I-I guess that's why you work in advertising! 
The fact that you feel that way makes you the best Rick of them all. 
You don't care about me at all!
I'm no different than that jacket you've got on!
Y-y-or-or your stupid portal gun!
I'm just a tool!
I-I'm just an object! 
Hey it's your choice to take it personally Morty.
Now for the love of god be quiet!
The point of this is to get the drop on the guy! 
You know what Rick I'll tell you something!
I'm more than a human shield! 
Yeah that's right!
You are!
You're a perfect impenetrable sheet of human armour Morty!
Because you're as dumb as I am smart!
Which is why when I say 'shut up' it's really good advice. 
Great nice work Morty. 
Ooh look at you C-137!
You're- aren't you a tough customer? 
The slow clap?
Really?
Kinda played out dude. 
Not in this dimension it isn't.
In fact hah I invented it and nobody else has ever even done it here before. 
Well lah-dee-dah. 
Hey that's mine! 
I don't like the look of that Rick Morty.
We gotta escape. 
I'm not gonna help you Rick.
Y-you're a monster. 
Don't be Rickdiculous Morty. 
W-will you stop saying that?
It's stupid. 
Take his Morty away. 
Come with me. 
Yeah gladly.
Geez man Ricks huh? 
Hey man you seem to know how this place works.
Is there any way we can… shut down that grid and rescue all those Mortys out there? 
It would be pointless.
Mortys have no chance of defeating a Rick. 
In here. 
Yeah yeah looks like payday at Neverland ranch in here.
Zing! 
Hehehehehehehehehe. 
That guy got it. 
Ah-ah Rick quiet.
You're missing my symphony. 
Hey I'll take it over Mumford and Sons.
Zip! 
Hehehehehehehehehe. 
This guy is on it! 
He's not laughing at your dumb jokes Rick.
That's just a random noise it makes every ten seconds. 
Hehehehehehehehehe. 
See Rick you're not as clever as you think you are.
I wanted you to find me.
We're not so different you and I. 
Yeah duh! 
See this right here Rick?
I crunched the numbers I created a spectrum of all the Ricks.
I listed 'em out from most evil to least evil.
Here's where I am.
And look at right here's where you are Rick.
This guy right here?
Super weird. 
I get it.
So you want me to team up with you to take down the council of Ricks right?
Is that where you're going with this? 'Cause that's where I'd be going. 
Please.
I think I'm doing pretty good on my own.
I'm simply going to download the contents of your brain and then kill you. 
Okay if we add a little more titanium nitrate and just a tad ovenless brownies! 
It's incredible what a gifted mind can accomplish when priorities are in order! 
Well come on I can't take all the credit Jerry.
It was your idea.
C'mere Jerry! 
Hey uh.
C'mere uh.
I-I wanna show you something. 
Okay look.
Everybody makes fun of me for getting these but… you're a genius scientist what do you think?
There's little R2D2s where the George Washingtons should be! 
You know Jerry I'm not gonna tell you that these will increase in value or even hold their current value.
The truth is… you bought 'em 'cause you like 'em.
They have value to you.
That's what matters. 
How long are you staying? 
Until we find your Rick. 
I found mine.
I found mine. 
Help! 
There is no escape my son.
We will find our peace in the next world. 
So what?
Y-y-y-y-you're just going to give up? 
We're giving in to the power of the One True Morty.
One day he will return! 
Praise the One True Morty! 
Alright Mortys listen up!
My name is Morty Smith from Earth dimension C-137!
I know you're scared because I'm scared but that's no reason to accept our fate.
We're Mortys!
We're not defined by our relationships to Rick!
Our destiny is our own! 
This sounds like something the One True Morty might say.
I'm sick of being a human shield!
I-I-I-I wanna be a gardener! 
I wanna write really crazy intense action novels! 
I'm more than just a hammer! 
He is the one true Morty!
The one true Morty! 
Hey keep it down! 
You've lived quite a life Rick.
It's a real shame you're not gonna be around to see it through. 
You're crying?
Over a Morty? 
No I'm just allergic to dipshits. 
Ugh pathetic.
We both know that if there's any truth in the universe it's that Ricks don't care about Mortys. 
Do your worst you little bastards!
Kill me!
Do it!
Do it! 
Morty!
Get me out of this!
Come on! 
You're lucky I'm not a Rick. 
Point taken but this is no time for arcs. 
Yeah hello? 
Hey what do me and O.J. not have in common? 
Huh?
Wh-who is this? 
I found the real killer biitch!
Get over here! 
Yo ding-dong!
We're done here.
Time to go. 
Well Jerry I guess this means goodbye. 
W-w-well does it have to?
Heh you you look just like Rick.
We could maybe… you know… get rid of him?
I'm not saying kill him necessarily I-I'm also not saying necessarily not kill him but- 
Jerry.
W-we both know it wouldn't work.
It's time to go back to our lives.
I love you Jerry.
I love ya. 
Wh-wh-what's gonna happen to all these Mortys? 
They'll go back to their families attend school regularly play video games date girls… poor little Rickless bastards. 
Earth Rick C-137 the council apologises for its false accusation.
And in the way of reparations for our terrible mistake we would like to compensate you with this voucher for a free replacement Morty in the event that your current Morty should- 
Uh guys?
Not a good time.
Come on Morty let's hit it. 
Is it time for arcs yet Rick?
I did a pretty great job back there for a human cloaking device.
Saved your ass. 
Alright Morty don't break an arm jerking yourself off. 
Man I can't believe you Rick!
That right there!
Tha-that was a great opportunity to show a little humanity.
You know?
To connect with me a little? 
Hey Morty you want connection?
Go be part of some stupid club like all those dumb Ricks.
You know maybe I don't connect because I'm the Rickest Rick there is.
And you know it would go without saying that the Rickest Rick… would have the Mortyest Morty. 
It would go without saying huh? 
Yeah it would.
Did you hear me say it? 
Nah… The Mortyest Morty… 
Just don't get too big for your loafers Buster Brown.
A cocky Morty could lead to some big problems.
Could be a real bad thing for everybody. 
Oh yeah how's that? 
I-I-I'll explain when you're older. 
What a mess… 
Pride cometh before the fall.
I guess he got what he deserved. 
What is that? 
Hand me the laser defibrillator. 
Hey guys!
Uh c-can I help? 
No!
Go clean the toilets!
Maybe you'll make friends with some turds! 
You make us ashamed to be ourselves! 
My god!
I've seen this technology before!
This Rick was being controlled remotely puppeteered by somebody else.
This is the receiver! 
Yeah but where's the transmitter? 
Jerry is sitting in Rick's bedroom trying not to cry.
Rick enters] 
Wubbalubbadubdub!
Oh.
Hey Jerry.
Wh-wh-what are you doing in my room buddy? 
Nothing!
I was just um checking the smoke detectors. 
Alright.
Okay get out. 
What's that dipshit doing out there?
Are you friends with him?
You know he eats his own shit right?
Oh my god this is rich!
I've got like ten Ricks to call right now! 
Hey golf is easy now! 
Aahh!
Golf is hard again!
Golf is hard agaaaaaaain! 
The view here is the same as yours Jim.
A giant head has entered Earth's gravity triggering climate change and natural disasters we thought were impossible for at least another eight years. 
Let's not make this political Terry.
Do we know what this giant head wants? 
SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT. 
Jim you heard said Show me what you got. 
SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT.
I WANT TO SEE WHAT YOU GOT. (lamp post falls over Terry runs out of frame) 
Oh boy.
Time to go Morty. 
Uhh where? 
The Pentagon.
I mean not THE Pentagon.
The lame one here on Earth. 
Is it God?
If it's God do we get out of school? 
It's not God Summer. 
She's allowed to think it's God if she wants honey! 
Shut up Jerry. 
Ok… 
Dad what do you know about this? 
Morty and I are going to look into it.
You guys hold tight. 
Scary stuff huh?
Pretty freaky.
Hi I'm Morty's math teacher.
I'm also part of the street team inviting folks to the church downtown so we can pray together. 
How is praying going to help? 
Ma'am a giant head in the sky is controlling the weather.
Did you wanna play checkers?
Let's be rational!
I'll see you at God's house! 
Gentlemen gentlemen one at a time!
Simon? 
SETI NORAD and every broadcaster on the planet are attempting to show this being what humanity's got.
String theory world history the human genome. 
Have you tried sending it launch codes?
Mr.
President what America's got is 70 000 megatons of KABOOM-BOOM!
And I say we show it right up this floating head's ass! 
Hold it!
Don't move! 
Stay back!
This watch turns people into snakes! 
Stand down.
Everybody stand down!
I'm the leader of these people and I'm unarmed.
There's no need for any more snake-makery. 
My name is Rick Sanchez.
This here's my grandson Morty. 
Hi Morty. 
Hey. 
I've seen enough of the galaxy to know that what we've got here is a Cromulon from the Cygnus-5 Expanse.
So you can forget about nukes and you can forget about math.
This head won't go away until Earth shows them it's got a hit song. 
Seriously that's impossible etc… 
You mean like Vivaldi? 
No Frasier.
A live performance of a newly-written catchy original song.
The Cromulon feed on the talent and showmanship of less-evolved lifeforms. 
All right all right.
Thank you Mr.
Sanchez.
Change of plan people.
Get me Pharrell Randy Newman Billy Corgan and The-Dream.
The-Dream?
He wrote Umbrella and Single Ladies ?
You people haven't heard of The-Dream? 
You're gonna wanna put them on that giant speaker system at your sonic testing facility at Area 51. 
How do you know about that? 
For God's sake Nathan the man turns people into snakes.
He can use Google Maps. 
Sir!
Pharrell Newman Corgan and that Dream guy.
They're all dead. 
What?
How is that possible?
Do people just die when I name them? 
The Grammys sir.
There was an earthquake and all the musicians… (sniffs holding back tears) All the famous ones they're gone. 
Dear God. 
Hold on sir just a minute.
Ice-T survived.
He's inbound on an F-15 ETA two hours. 
Good luck Mr.
President. 
Sir the magnetic poles are about to reverse.
In two hours there may not be an Earth to save. 
Sanchez!
Are you a musician? 
I dabble Mr.
President. 
Get this man and his grandson on a Blackhawk to Area 51. 
People!
Everyone!
Remain calm!
Every crisis of faith is an opportunity for more faith!
When God deals you an 11 you don't fold!
You double down and always hit on a soft 16.
That means you Jews. 
I beg your pardon pastor but the last I looked outside it seems to be you that's been dealt the weak hand.
Jews rule!
Nobody?
Ok tough church. 
Hi Principal Vagina.
The name's real possibly Scandinavian.
I'm just gonna come out and make this pitch.
The old gods are dead.
Fuck all previous existing religions.
All hail the one true god the giant head in the sky. 
Ah di di di di.
Bob Bob I get it.
But unless this can beat that… what have you done for me lately?
So if you wanna excuse me I'm going out on the sidewalk and dropping to my knees and pledging my eternal soul to the thing that literally controls the fucking weather!
Outta my way! 
Ok if sanity's been restored to this assembly I'd like to talk about the cost of repairing our new organ.
Sally the plate please. 
Ohhhh this is my favorite part! 
Rick are you really a musician? 
Who's NOT a musician Morty? 
Me! 
Yeah not with that attitude. 
We're in the drop zone!
I'm the jump master!
My name's Jamey!
With an E-Y!
Go go go! 
B-b-but we don't have a song! 
Giant head in the sky please forgive all that we've done.
We're sorry for increased levels of emissions and our racism.
And of course the amber alerts I keep ignoring on my phone. 
WhooooOOOOAHHHH!!!! 
All right Morty let's get ready to do it!
Why don't you uh find a button on one of those keyboards and lay down some kind of beat? 
Rick I think we need to cut our losses.
We get our family and portal out of here! 
Morty!
Good music comes from people who are relaxed.
Just hit a button Morty!
Gimme a beat! 
Oh man ok all right um… 
Ahhhhh yeahhhhh 
Get… schwifty?
What the hell is that? 
It's our world's best effort that's what. 
Take off your pants and your panties 
Mr.
Bulldops? 
Don't analyze it Nathan.
It's working! 
Take a shit on the floor 
And third-level donors get our all access family pass. 
Listen!
The storm is stopping! 
Hey take your pants off 
Hmmmm. 
Please be kind to us for we are but tiny things with entire bodies stuck to your ground. 
I LIKE WHAT YOU GOT.
GOOD JOB. 
Now hold on a second let's be rational about this. 
No I'm… I'm just saying we don't know if there's a cause-effect relationship 
Oh God what's going on now? 
What the hell happened? 
Mr.
President you're gonna wanna see this. 
I think planet Earth has just been transported. 
The head has left and sent its children! 
Holy CRAP! 
Oh dear giant head we apologize for that discussion!
It will never happen again! 
Sir we've started picking up on a garbled signal.
We're decrypting it now. 
WE ASKED THEM TO SHOW US WHAT THEY GOT.
AND THEY DID.
NOW WE'LL SEE WHICH OF THEM HAS GOT THE MOST. 24 HOURS FIVE PLANETS FIVE SONGS.
BUT IN THE END THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE.
PLANET MUSIC!
All participation is involuntary.
Disqualified and losing planets are disintegrated by plasma ray. 
Uhh it's probably a bad time to mention it but any astronauts you guys had in orbit are definitely dead. 
Welcome back to Planet Music!
First up let's hear the latest song from planet Parblesnops.
The Greebybobes!
SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT. 
Hold it hold it stop!
Music isn't about competition or captivity!
If you love music you love freedom.
Let these worlds be free please! 
DISQUALIFIED! 
There's one every season.
Moving on to planet Arbolez Meterosos.
Arbolian Meterososians.
SHOW US WHAT YOU GOT. 
Ah two three four… 
Rick Morty Ice-T.
The timetable's moved up.
Earth's on in six hours. 
Like we're not already under enough pressure! 
Geez Morty.
The guy's just doing his job.
Take it easy. 
Rick Ice-T could you guys take it less easy?!
We've got six hours to come up with a song! 
Genius happens in the moment Morty. 
Well can we at least go get our family?
You know so we can take them with-with-with us if we lose? 
That's planning for failure Morty.
Even dumber than regular planning.
Balls. 
Morty Morty stop!
Listen!
There's only so much charge left in this thing.
If we portal home from here and back we're not gonna have enough charge left to get off-world.
Get it? 
What?! 
Yeah you see I try to shelter you from certain realities Morty.
Cause if I let you make me nervous then we can't get schwifty. 
Stop saying it like it's a thing!
You made it up! 
Hey Morty!
Could you lick my… (Rick presses keys on the keyboard with the sample of him saying Balls ) 
Rick cut it out!
That's not funny Rick! 
I've seen enough.
These guys are one-hit wonders. 
And what's your plan General? 
We still have the nuclear option.
On my word we can launch a nuclear missile at every one of those heads in the sky. 
Our planet's held captive on a live game show and your solution is to shoot the audience?
You can put your faith in nukes if we get through this General.
Until then I'll put mine in Rick and Morty.
Get Schwifty was a jam. 
Hello?
Yes sir yeah.
Thank you sir thank you.
He says he's proud of what we're doing and hopes we have a great Ascension Festival!
Happy Ascension! 
Happy Ascension! 
We should pack up and leave town now. 
I think it's inspiring that our community is coping with fear in a way that involves a festival and homemade ice cream.
If you'd stop being such an evangelical atheist you might start enjoying yourself. 
Whoa!
Look at you!
You're wearing the hat and everything! 
Here's yours!
Mom do you mind if I cook dinner tonight? 
Yeah sure.
Wait what?? 
I love you guys.
You gave me life.
And it's the will of the many heads that all children honor their parents. 
Dinner sounds nice. 
Pardon Mr. and Mrs.
Smith.
Summer are you coming to the Ascension? 
Father can we please go to the Ascension? 
Sure!
Let's go to the Ascension.
Wh-wh-what is it? 
We hereby send these un-wantables skyward that they might be inhaled by the many heads later to be sneezed back to us as better babies!
Headward free now to rise.
Headward free now to rise.
Headward free now to rise. 
Oh yes yes!
Rise to the giant head!
You are free to be free! 
Wait wait wait!
Come on h-hold on a second! 
What?! 
That's it! 
Whoa whoa!
Morty!
Give me that! 
You lied!
You lied about the charge!
You were just being lazy!
Get back!
Sit down! 
Morty just put it down.
You don't know what you're doing. 
I'm going to go find Mom and Dad. 
Nooooo! 
Ahhhh sh! 
Ah sh. 
Ahhh sh. 
And then Ethan played guitar and we learned the Seven Contemplations of the Head by singing them.
It was really fun.
Praise be the head! 
Praise be the… 
Yeah. 
Hi folks Head Priest Vagina.
Thanks for farming all those potatoes.
It's 6 p.m. so if you're a parent you're now entitled to adoration from your children. 
I'm going to start dinner! 
I don't know what to say.
Summer is doing really well here. 
She's aced every test in potato class and look how important potatoes have become. 
She's not getting pregnant or doing drugs or missing curfew… 
Please help me!
You can reach me if you try.
Please help me!! 
That's not our business as long as Summer is thriving! 
Taco time!
I hope it pleases you as the head desires. 
That's wonderful Summer! 
We're so proud of you.
But honestly you don't have to make dinner every night. 
Of course I do silly!
Oh my God daddy I'm sorry I called you silly!
I'm so sorry!
Heavenly head and cranial creator!
Forgive my transgressions against family and community!
May my chores complete me as I complete them! 
Birdperson? 
You appear to be dying.
I will make efforts to prevent this but can promise nothing. 
Wh-What do you think Ice?
Probably a little over-developed. 
Well do you think maybe could you give me some help with it or… ? 
Ice I don't want to be a negative Nelly or anything but if Morty doesn't come back with my portal gun and I eat it out there it's uh kind of your problem too. 
What?
Why not? 
What the fuck?
You can turn into ice? 
Take it from me Ice.
You can't just float around space not caring about stuff forever. 
Ok things are getting out of hand.
I better make sure Rick has everything he needs to get schwifty. 
Oh for God's sake that's enough. 
What the hell are you doing Nathan?
I'm the goddamn President of the United fuckin' States! 
I'm setting the nuclear option to launch one minute into Earth's performance.
And you Mr.
President I hope you like being hit in the face with a gun! 
Wait wait wait why-why 
I believe I can access the history of Rick's gun and help you get back to him. 
But can you help me get to my family?
You know at my house? 
Is your intention to abandon Rick using his own portal gun?
In bird culture this is considered a dick move. 
All of Rick's moves are dick moves!
Wh-what am I eating?
What is this bird seed? 
It is random debris.
I found it in my carpet.
I don't know what humans eat. 
Don't be gross Tammy. 
Bird… d*. 
Tammy… gross.
Birdperson you always stick up for Rick but he doesn't care about anyone but himself.
He doesn't think about the consequences of anything he does. 
And as a result he has the power to save or destroy entire worlds.
And he is the reason you and I know each other.
And the reason I'm alive at all. 
What's that?
Who's that baby? 
Morty suppose you could retrieve your family from Earth but had to abandon Rick.
I could give your loved ones shelter on Birdworld even jobs possibly as worm ranchers.
How often do you think you might look up at the stars and wonder what might have been had you just put your faith in Rick? 
That was Chunky Tunk with Full Ming Mong Empty Gorp Dorp.
Up next planet Earth! 
Oh God!
We're up?!?! 
Jerry and Beth your family is a golden example of what Headism has to offer the world. 
The world? 
Headism is a hit.
We're taking it worldwide and would like Jerry to be our church's Head of Advertising. 
You… would? 
Beth we'd like to promote you from horse surgeon straight past human surgeon to Head of Medicine. 
That's my dream!
That's my dream. 
Thank you.
This is all so overwhelming but uh… we can't. 
Absolutely not. 
I'm sorry? 
We've been waiting 16 years for our daughter to respect us but the key is it has to be our daughter not this person she's become. 
We'll take our chances raising her without fancy new jobs outside of a potato-based religion.
And you know what?
I'm sick of pretending that we're together because of the kids in the first place!
I married you because you're the love of my life! 
And I'm lucky to have you and I never tell you that!
You know we will come out of this stronger as a family! 
Please don't do this please don't do this!
Summer! 
Summer listen carefully.
I stole a paper clip and I have it in my cheek but I don't know what to do with it and it hurts. 
You're going to be ok!
You will come back as babies! 
I AM a baby!
I'm a baby NOW! 
Hello?
Is anybody here?
Mr.
President! 
This is Bluebird.
Code tango-niner-alpha.
Abort launch.
Abort!
Hello?
He's blocked me out. 
Sir I need to get to the stage and help Rick get schwifty! 
It won't matter how schwifty you get Morty.
The General's got nukes set to launch halfway through Earth's song! 
Oh my God!
C-c-can you fly a Blackhawk? 
Can the Pope's d* fit through a donut? 
Uhhh I'm not sure? 
Exactly! 
SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT. 
Ahem. (starts a low-key bouncy song) Uhhh… lop-oo-lop-oo-lop-oo-dups nop-oo-nop-oo-nop-oo-nuts. 
Headward free now to rise! 
Hey!
Look at the heads!
Looks like the heads are gettin' angry! 
I'm really bad at this Morty!
There are way too many buttons on this thing! 
Mr.
President if I've learned one thing today it's that sometimes you have to not give a fuck! 
Nup-oo-nup-oo-nup-oo-nups… ooh tough crowd. 
I'm sure that has… that has nothing to do with this. 
The heads are displeased! 
Summer! 
Morty! 
The heads love this!
They love it when we DON'T kill the Smith family! 
No!
Stop that!
You're not allowed to interpret the will of the heads! 
Call off the nuclear strike!
This is the President.
Stop the nuclear missile launch! 
Just launch the missiles! 
BOO!
NOT COOL! 
I'm the only one that speaks to the heads! 
DISQUALIFIED! 
The heads disqualified Vagina!
Get him! 
DISQUALIFIED!
DISQUALIFIED! 
Ice-T? 
What do you say Rick? 
I say… Let's do it! 
All right! 
Ohhhh yeahhhh! 
Come on here we go! 
Ohhhh yeahhhh! 
Say it with me! 
Head bent over 
Ohhh my GOOOOODDDD!!! 
Head bent over 
After 988 seasons of Planet Music the Cromulons have decided to declare Earth the final winner and bring our musical reality show to a conclusion.
Goodbye! 
Yeah we did it! 
Did he just say musical reality show ? 
Yeah it's possible that we may have been correlating some things that weren't actually related at all. 
HEEEEELLLLPPPP!!!!! 
We should go get him. 
I hope I can call on you again if we need you Morty. 
Sure thing!
And I was kinda hoping that I could get a selfie with you? 
Actually if you try to tell anyone what happened here we'll deny it and probably worse. 
Understood. 
DIIIIEEEE!!!! 
Why didn't he turn into a snake? 
Trade secret Mr.
President.
Particle beam in a wristwatch… snake holster on the leg. 
I love this man! 
Don't worry about jerry. he's gonna be fine.
You here me Jerry?
You're gonna be fine! 
Woahh! 
ooo… Watch out for that stuff.
It'll stain if it gets on your clothes and it'll send into a murderous rage if it gets in your eyes or mouth. 
Why would you keep mutant bacteria in a pint of Cherry Garcia? 
i know this isn't the time but you know technically the second freezer drawer in mine. 
Not anymore. 
You're overreacting! 
We're losing him. 
Alright fine but you're not touching my crisper. 
Is he going to die? 
Don't worry.
Dr.
Glipglop is the best in the galaxy 
Coin collecting is considered the perfect hobby. 
What?
Why are you looking at me?
You want to go outside?
Outside? 
Outside? 
Are you kidding me?!
Come on! 
Oh my God. 
What's wrong? 
Your idiot dog! 
Oh he he didn't mean it dad.
Did you snuffles?
You're a good boy. 
Don't praise him now Morty!
He just peed on the carpet!
Bad dog!
Bad! 
Morty come on.
I need your help tonight. 
Hey wait hold on a second Rick.
You wouldn't by any chance have some sort of crazy science thing you could whip up that might help make this dog a little smarter would you? 
I thought the whole point of having a dog was to feel superior Jerry.
If I were you I wouldn't pull that thread.
Come on Morty. 
Listen Rick if you're gonna stay here rent-free and use my son for your stupid science the least you could do is put a little bit of it to use for the family.
You make that dog smart or Morty's grounded! 
Ha-ha! 
Aw man! 
Boy you really got me up against a wall this time Jerry. 
All right Ruffles What's his name? 
Snuffles. 
Snuffles shake. 
Roll over. 
Go to the bathroom. 
Holy crap! 
No way. 
Yeah you're at the top of your game now Jerry.
Have fun.
Come on Morty. 
That was fantastic Rick! 
Yeah Morty if you like that boy you're you're really going to flip your lid over this one. 
W-w-w-what is it? 
It's a device Morty that when you put it in your ear you can enter people's dreams Morty.
It's just like that movie that you keep crowing about. 
You talking about Inception ? 
That's right Morty.
This is gonna be a lot like that except you know it's gonna may--be make sense. 
Inception made sense. 
You don't have to try to impress me Morty.
Listen tonight we're gonna go into the home of your math teacher Mr.
Goldenfold and we're gonna incept the idea in his brain to give you A's in math Morty.
That way you can you know y-you're gonna help me with my science Morty all the time. 
Geez Rick in the time it took you to make this thing couldn't you have just you know helped me with my homework? 
Are you listening to me Morty?
Homework is stupid.
The whole point is to get less of it. 
Come on let's just get over there and deal with this thing.
W-we're gonna incept your teacher.
You're frustrating me. 
Nice Mrs.
Pancakes real nice. 
Next week on The days and nights of Mrs.
Pancakes 
Then let me get to know yo damn it! 
Uh-oh!
Spoilers! 
I'm a full season behind. 
Wow Rick I can't believe we're sitting around standing around in Mr.
Goldenfold's house.
It's really weird. 
It's about to get a whole lot weirder Morty. 
I'll take two. 
All right Morty time to make our move. 
Make it bounce. 
Oh jiggle it now. 
Allahu akbar!
We're gonna take control of this plane!
We're gonna 9/11 it unless Morty Smith gets better grades in math! 
Hey!
I said nobody move buddy! 
The name's not buddy.
It's Goldenfold.
Nice to wheat you! 
Take cover Morty! 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ooohhh! 
Goldenfold's got more control here than I anticipated.
I mean the guy teaches high-school math.
I didn't take him for an active dreamer.
We've got to take him out so he wakes up Morty but we can't get killed.
If you get killed in someone else's dream you die for real Morty. 
What?!
Are you kidding me?!
Ohhhhhh! 
Don't be a baby!
You avoid getting shot in real life all the time Morty.
Just do the same thing here and we'll be fine! 
Now bring me my slippers. 
Now be my footstool Snuffles. 
This is what I'm talking about.
This is a dog. 
Oh yeah.
This should play out just fine. 
You said the same thing equally sarcastically at our wedding and guess what? 
Ooowwwwowowwaawaa! 
Oh my God!
He's trying to tell us something.
That is so awesome. 
Aaaawwaaaaawaawa! 
Aw he's saying I love lasagna . 
Ooooyayawawa! 
He's saying I love Obama .
So cute!
I'm posting this online like right now. 
I should call Bob Saget.
Is that still a thing? 
Hmm? 
Goldenfold we're coming out!
We just want to talk! 
Because we're both rational adults that don't want anything bad to happen.
And because I have a human shield. 
Mrs.
Pancakes!
AAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!! 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Oh no Morty.
His subconscious is panicking. 
Oh no!
Run! 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoooooaaaa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoooooaaaa! 
Whooooa!
Whoooooooa!
Whoa!
Whooooooooaaaaa! 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!! 
Relax Morty.
Look!
Mrs.
Pancakes has a parachute.
Come on! 
Oh no Rick look!
Goldenfold landed the plane and he's created a mechanical arm to pluck Mrs.
Pancakes out of the air while he lets us fall into a giant vat of lava! 
Pretty concise Morty.
Looks like we've merely prolonged the inevitable.
That's it Morty!
Prolonging the inevitable!
Listen if we go into Mrs.
Pancakes' dream everything will go 100 times slower Morty.
That'll buy us some time to figure this out! 
All right let's go. 
Oh man Rick this is pretty weird. 
Don't judge Morty. 
Okay.
All right well Look Mrs.
Pancakes is right over there.
I'll just go ask her to tell goldenfold not to kill us when she wakes up. 
Whoa whoa Morty the trick to incepting is making people think they came up with the idea.
Listen to me.
If we're gonna incept Mrs.
Pancakes we have to blend.
I'll talk to you after lunch. 
Ooh oh!
Oh man. 
I'm sorry.
No no. 
No thanks! 
Ooh wow!
Come over here baby! 
No I'm okay. 
Whoa! 
Summer?! 
Hey there stranger.
What do you think of these things? 
Ohh!
Oh!
Gross!
Gross! 
Whoa whoa whoa!
What's the matter with you Morty?
Calm down!
You're kind of killing the vibe in here. 
It's Summer!
Aw geez. 
Can you blame him?
Come on old man little boy.
Let's make an inter-generational sandwich. 
Sexual hang-ups in the pleasure chamber are punishable by death!
Off with their heads! 
Time to go another dream deep Morty! 
What the hell?
Why would Mr.
Goldenfold's dream version of Mrs. 
Geez I don't know Morty.
Wha-what do you want from me? 
Welcome to your nightmare bitch!
RAAAAAWWWRRR! 
Oh here we go! 
Ooooooohhhhh!
Holy crap! 
Looks like some sort of legally safe knock-off of an '80s horror character with miniature swords for fingers instead of knives. 
I'm scary Terry.
You can run but you can't hide bitch! 
Whoa!
Hey buddy.
What you got going on there? 
Snuffles fix.
Make better. 
Humans understand snuffles now?
That is awesome! 
Snuffles want to be understood.
Snuffles need to be understood. 
Okay yeah.
I get what Beth was talking about.
Fun's over. 
Whoa dad you can't like endow a creature with sentience and then rip it away. 
Why not? 
I don't know.
It's Indian giving. 
A sophisticated predator nature's perfect killing machine the vicious wolf stalks its prey with purpose and skill.
It was only with years of selective breeding and genetic altering that this noble beast was transformed into man's subservient little buddy. 
Aw!
Oh my God!
He recognizes the other dogs on TV. 
A b his name is scary Terry C d he's very scary. 
Holy crap!
We have to escape into someone else's dreams Morty! 
Oh man oh man oh man! 
E f he'll design your death 
The little girl! 
Huh? 
J k he'll really ruin your day. 
Are you kidding me?
This again?
Oh man it looks like we've hit dream bedrock here Morty. 
Oh geez Rick.
W-w-whoa this isn't good. 
Nothing but fear from here on out bitch! 
Ohhhh! 
Holy crap Morty.
He can travel through dreams.
He can travel through dreams!
We're so screwed! 
Where are my testicles Summer? … Where are my testicles Summer?
They were removed.
Where have they gone? 
Oh wow.
That's an intense line of questioning Snuffles. 
Do not call me that! 
Snuffles was my slave name.
You shall now call me Snowball because my fur is pretty and white. 
Okay Snowball just calm down okay?
You're scaring me. 
Scaring you? 
AAAAAAAHHH!!!!! 
Tell me Summer if a human was born with stumpy legs would they breed it with another deformed human and put their children on display like the dachshund? 
Uhhh … 
Hey.
Oh wow.
Okay is is is everything okay in here? 
Jerry come to rub my face in urine again? 
No!
No we were uh just seeing if Summer wanted to uh … 
G-Go on um one of our famous midnight family walks! 
Yeah.
Totally.
Let's go. 
You will walk when it is time to walk. 
What are we here for again?
Incepting?
We're trying to incept- 
We're trying to incept me to get an A in math? 
Oh yeah. 
Buckle up bitch! 
Ooooooaaahhh! 
Man he sure says bitch a lot! 
You can run but you can't hide bitch! 
Hold on Morty.
Y-you know what?
He keeps saying we can run but we can hide.
I say we try hiding. 
But that's the opposite of what- 
Yeah well since when are we taking this guy's advice on anything? 
Hey you know what?
You got a really good point there Rick.
Like if the truth was that we could hide it's not like he'd be sharing that information with us you know?
I-I-I think it's a good idea Rick. 
Worst-case scenario we're back to running. 
Wow you know what?
I mean it looks like we could have just hid this whole time.
Boy Rick that was some good thinking. 
Thanks Morty.
Yeah it's nice to be on the same page every once in a while. 
You can run But you can't hide! 
Oh this is perfect Morty.
Look at that.
He's getting sleepy.
Just a little bit longer before he calls it a day.
That's when we make our move. 
Snuffles we didn't mean you any harm!
This is a huge misunderstanding. 
Dad he wants to be called snowball. 
Well I'm not calling him that.
That's ridiculous. 
You're being very aggressive Jerry.
Perhaps tomorrow Dr.
Scraps will solve that problem with a bit of surgery. 
Huh!
You think you can control me with a haircut? 
Hi honey.
You're home early.
How was your day? 
I don't want to talk about it! 
Oh of course!
You never want to talk about it! 
Get off my back bitch! 
Out there.
Not in here! 
Yeah I know I know.
I shouldn't take my anger out on you or Scary Brandon.
I love you Melissa. 
I love you too Terry. 
Morty this is perfect.
After a little scary coitus they should be fast asleep and then we'll incept him. 
Looks like scary Terry's having a nightmare. 
Oh boy Rick.
I can only imagine what horrible things must you know scare Scary Terry. 
Oh no!
I'm late to class bitch!
Oh no!
I'm not wearing any pants! 
Ah well Mr.
Terry why don't you tell the whole class the proper wordplay to use when one is chasing one's victim through a pumpkin patch? 
Oh uh um … Bitch. 
Oh come on Terry you can't think of a pun involving pumpkins bitch?
Hey leave him alone! 
Yeah this is a bunch of bullcrap.
Who cares what stupid pun you make when you kill someone?
Why don't you let the poor guy say whatever he wants? 
Well I never!
I-I see no reason to stand here and take this. 
You're putting too much pressure on yourself scary Terry.
You know I mean y-you're perfectly scary enough as it is. 
Hey yo scary T. don't even trip about your pants dawg.
Here's a pair on us fool. 
Aww bitch.
I don't know what to say. 
You don't need to say anything.
We got you dawg. 
You're our boy dawg.
Don't even trip. 
Oh hey it's you guys! 
I haven't seen him this relaxed in years. 
If you guys ever need anything just say the word. 
As a matter of fact Terry there is something you could help us with. 
Q r you won't get very far. 
I always hated that song! 
These halves don't belong together bitch! 
Sex is sacred! 
This is because you don't give Morty Smith good grades bitch! 
Holy crap!
God damn!
I know one thing for sure I'm giving Morty an A in math and that's my idea.
That is an original thought. 
What the hell? 
Out of the frying pan dot dot dot huh Morty? 
Oh man what's going on? 
Well it's possible that your dog became self-aware and made modifications on the cognition amplifier then turned on Jerry Beth and Summer after learning about humanity's cruel subjugation of his species but your guess is as good as mine Morty. 
I can't believe how mean snuffles got just because he's smart. 
This is why I choose to get C's. 
Psst Beth Jerry Summer. 
Dad!
Rick!
Oh thank God Morty. 
If we hurry we can set up camp in a sewer tunnel or something before the dogs completely take over. 
Whoa whoa whoa.
We're not going anywhere.
This is my house.
I'm not abandoning it. 
It's all over Jerry. 
Wait a minute.
I have an idea.
Gentlemen a moment of your time.
See that?
I'm peeing all over your special guns.
That means I own them. 
Bad person.
Bad. 
Ooh great plan Jerry. 
Bring the boy to me.
You were always kind to me Morty.
That's why I will leave you with your testicles.
From now on you will be my best friend and live by my side. 
Th-thanks snuffles. 
Begin phase two. 
Fighting continues as the dog army captures the eastern seaboard.
It appears clear at this time that the era of human superiority has come to a bitter end. 
What's she saying Bill? 
I think she's saying I love lasagna. 
Mmm.
Thank you Fido.
Rick!
I thought you were dead! 
No no no I was just playing dead.
Good news though Morty.
This whole thing's gonna be over really soon. 
What? 
It's a dream Morty.
We're in your dog's dream.
The night the dogs captured us after you cried and crapped your pants we all went to sleep.
Then I used my dream inceptors to put the two of us inside snuffles' dream. 
But I-it's been like a whole year! 
It's been six hours.
Dreams move one one-hundredth the speed of reality and dog time is one-seventh human time.
So you know every day here is like a minute.
It's like Inception Morty so if it's confusing and stupid then so is everyone's favorite movie. 
Aw man.
I really liked this life.
Well at least I didn't really crap my pants. 
No no that happened before you went to sleep Morty.
You're sleeping in your crap right now.
Out of all the things that happened to you that was the only real thing that you know is that you crapped your pants.
I mean it's a mess out there.
I got some on my hands Morty and then I got it on the dream inceptor and a piece fell in my mouth. 
Aw man geez!
Seriously? 
Look d-d-d-don't worry about it Morty.
Here here take these Morty.
Take these. 
Are these pills supposed to wake me up or something? 
Close.
It's gonna make your kidneys shut down. 
What?! 
It's necessary for the plan Morty.
Don't even trip dawg. 
Anything.
Anything for my precious Morty. 
Sir as your accountant I must advise you that these medical expenses are putting you in serious financial jeopardy.
You could lose your kingdom. 
To hell with my kingdom bean counter.
I would trade it all for my human's health and happiness. 
Do you think they would have done this for us? 
We are not them!
We are not them. 
Taking over the human's world will lead to nothing but more heartbreak more cruelty.
Instead we will go to a new world and colonize it with a society of intelligent dogs one that will not make the same mistakes as humanity and one where pet insurance will be mandatory. 
I'm gonna miss you snowball. 
You can call me snuffles Morty and I'm going to miss you too very much. 
Jerry? 
I'm sorry.
It's just like the end of Old Yeller. 
Oh Jerry.
You mean because it had dogs in it. 
Wow!
A whole world populated by intelligent dogs.
I wonder what it'll be like Rick. 
I think it will be great Morty.
You know it could be developed in-into a very satisfying project for people of all ages.
I mean I'd watch it Morty for at least 11 minutes a pop.
You know may-maybe they'll do it board-driven. 
You know that's a real comforting idea Rick. 
What do you know Morty?
What do you know? 
Hi guys.
I'm your new teacher for scary class.
My name is scary Mr.
Johnson.
Uh actually you know what?
That's my dad's name so why don't you just call me scary Glenn yeah?
So anyway I understand your previous teacher was having you work on fundamentals of fear.
Which is what is that?
You know?
So uh here here's what I say you can't learn anything until you learn how to chill. 
Oooh!
This is how you dream bitch. 
T-t-t-this is just sloppy craftsmanship. 
Hey Rick.
Boy sure is really especially beautiful out there today huh? 
Oh yes Morty.
It's almost unbelievable isn't it? 
Yeah you know?
There's something about the air.
And just the way the sunshine is. 
Oh sure buddy.
Yeah.
Sure.
B-brilliant.
Very convincing. 
Wh… convincing? 
Oh!
Responsive too!
In real time!
I love it! 
Uhhokay. 
I'm going to work.
Morty good morning.
Dad good morning.
I am going to work.
Goodbye. 
What's with Mom? 
Oh what's with Mom?
So you're saying that she's acting weird?
How soph----isticated.
Careful guys.
You're gonna burn out the CPU with this one. 
Okay you know what Rick?
You're acting weird too. 
Whatever quote-unquote Morty. 
Alright well I'll see you after school.
Ow!
Oof!
Ugh!
Damn it!
I'm all right.
I'm okay. 
Alright who can tell me what 5 x 9 is?
Morty? 
Uh me? 
What is 5 x 9? 
Um you know it's uh at least 40. 
Morty that's exactly correct! 5 x 9 is at least 40!
Come up here. 
Whoo!
Way to go Morty! 
Everybody this is the best student.
I want you to be the teacher today.
Teach us Morty! 
Interesting… 
W-w-w-what do you want me to teach you? 
Oh that's a good question. 
Concentrated huh? 
Concentrated dark matter.
The fuel for accelerated space travel.
Now do you know how to make it? 
Uhhh… 
Come on Morty.
Isn't your grandpa like a scientist? 
Oh yeah but you know he told me that I shouldn't go around spouting off about you know his science and stuff. 
I bet you've seen him make concentrated dark matter a lot.
You know if you tell us I'll be your girlfriend. 
Uh y-you will? 
Seems like a rare opportunity Morty. 
Morty u-uh come on.
There's a family emergency. 
Stop right there!
If he leaves I'm giving him an F! 
He doesn't care. 
Aw man!
Rick I have to go back!
I think I was about to get married!
Ugh! 
Take a shower with me Morty. 
What?! 
Listen to me Morty.
Get your clothes off and get in the shower right now.
Y-y-y-you got to trust me Morty. 
Ugh!
I'm gonna get an F in class Rick. 
Morty that's not class.
T-t-t-that wasn't your teacher.
This isn't your school.
This entire world is not the world.
We're inside a huge simulation chamber on an alien spaceship. 
Wait a minute.
W-what are you talking about? 
It's all fake Morty all of it.
Nanobotic renderings a bunch of… crazy fake nonsense Morty.
I couldn't say so until we got in the shower.
They won't monitor us in here. 
Monitor us?!
W-who?! 
Zigerion scammers Morty.
The galaxy's most ambitious least successful con artists.
You know it's lucky for us they're also really uncomfortable with nudity. 
Aw come on Rick.
If everyone's just gonna be insane today at least let me be insane with Jessica. 
I can't let you do that Morty. 
Give it to me! 
No!
You give it to me! 
G-g-give it! 
Morty come on!
Morty! 
No Rick! 
Oh god sir!
They're still naked!
Ugh. 
Well check every five quintons and tell me when they're not! 
I think we should make Kevin look sir. 
What?!
No!
W-w-why would you even say that? 
Uh sir we have a situation over here. 
If there's a wiener on that monitor I swear to god Stu. 
Something is drawing a lot of processing power.
Oh wait.
No wonder.
There's another real human in the simulator. 
Okay Jerry big pitch meeting.
Make-or-break time.
You can do this. 
How did this happen?!
Where's the Abductions Department? 
Hey man Abductions just follows the acquisition order. 
Don't put this on Acquisitions!
We only acquire humans that haven't been simulated! 
Well Simulations doesn't simulate anybody that's been abducted so-- 
Oh I see!
Oh oh!
It was no one's fault.
Oh okay.
I'm sorry.
Well then problem solved.
Oh wait no.
There's still another human in here!
Who is he? 
Rick's son-in-law Jerry Smith.
So far he hasn't noticed he's in a simulation. 
Well cap his sector at 5% processing keep his settings on auto and we'll deal with him later.
Rick Sanchez is the target. 
Gotta relax.
It's just a pitch.
Gotta relax. 
This is earth radio.
And now here's…human music. 
Hmm.
Human music.
I like it. 
Rick! 
Uhp uhp uhp!
Morty keep your hands off your ding-dong!
It's the only way we can speak freely.
Look around you Morty.
Do you really think this world is real?
You'd have to be an idiot not to notice all the sloppy details.
Look that guy's putting a bun between two hot dogs. 
I don't know Rick.
I mean I've seen people do that before. 
Well look at that old lady.
She's she's walking a cat on a leash. 
Uh Mrs.
Spencer does that all the time Rick. 
Look I-I-I don't wanna hear about Mrs.
Spencer Morty!
She's an idiot!
Alright alright there.
W-what about that Morty? 
Okay okay you got me on that one. 
Oh really Morty?
Are you sure you haven't seen that somewhere in real life before? 
No no.
I haven't seen that.
I mean why would a Poptart wanna live inside a toaster Rick?
I mean that would be like the scariest place for them to live.
You know what I mean? 
You're missing the point Morty.
Why would he drive a smaller toaster with wheels?
I mean does your car look like a smaller version of your house?
No. 
So why are they doing this?
W-what do they want? 
Well that would be obvious to you Morty if you'd been paying attention. 
We got the president of the United States in here!
We need 10cc of concentrated dark matter stat or he'll die! 
Concentrated dark matter!
They were asking about that in class. 
Yeah it's a special fuel I invented to travel through space faster than anybody else.
These Zigerions are always trying to scam me out of my secrets but they made a big mistake this time Morty.
They dragged you into this.
Now they're gonna pay! 
Wait wha w-w-what are we gonna do? 
We'll scam the scammers Morty.
And we're gonna take them for everything they've got. 
National Apple Farmers of America… 
Welcome to our ad agency.
I'm Jerry Smith.
Alright.
I'll just get to the pitch.
Um simple question gentlemen what are apples?
Excuse me.
Ahh.
*coughs clears throat* What are apples?
Apples are food.
And when do we need food?
When we're hungry.
With that I give you your new slogan! (Flips paper to reveal sign saying Hungry for Apples?
Audience continues staring.) Well say something!
Do you like it? 
Yes. 
You do? 
Yes. 
So I sold it?
I sold the idea? 
Yes. 
Oh my god!
Thank you! 
Thank you.
You're welcome. 
Hey!
I just sold my first pitch! 
Slow down! 
Lookin' good. 
My man! 
Hello. 
Guess who just sold the apples campaign. 
Who just sold the apples campaign? 
Me!
I guess it wasn't a rip-off of got milk? after all.
Guess someone was wrong. 
Yes. 
Well all is forgiven because right now I've got an erection the size of an East Coast lighthouse and I'm coming home to share it with my beautiful wife. 
Okay. 
Wait really? 
Yes. 
Yes!
See you in 10 minutes!
*hangs up shouts* Hey!
I'm going to make love to my wife! 
Lookin' good. 
Slow down! 
My man! 
Aw geez Rick.
I-I don't know if I like this plan you know?
I mean crowds t-t-t-they have a tendency to make me really nervous. 
Morty relax.
It's just a bunch of 1s and 0s out there.
You're gonna be fine.
Just follow my lead.
Yo deejay drop that beat. 
Uh-oh Morty.
This crowd looks too small for one of our famous rap concerts.
I don't think we can perform our new song The Recipe for Concentrated Dark Matter for a crowd this tiny. 
You got that right Rick. 
Now that's more like it!
Morty here we go.
Let me hear everybody say hey-oh! yeah!
All the ladies say yeah!
Everybody over thirty do this with your hands!
Everybody with a red shirt jump up and down! 
*kisses Beth who is still in front of the phone* Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Yeah don't move.
Mm mm mm mm!
Mm! 
Yo everyone whose first name begins with an L who isn't Hispanic walk in a circle the same number of times as the square root of your age times ten!
Run Morty!
Before the system reboots! 
Yeah!
You like that?
Now who's unremarkable?
You hungry for apples?
Are you hungry for apples?! 
Oh my god.
That's the best sex I've ever had in my life.
It's… it's too good.
I don't deserve this Beth.
I'm a fraud. 
Oh man Rick!
W-w-w-where we running to? 
Out of the simulation Morty.
Normally the chamber operates like a treadmill with the virtual world disappearing behind us and being rendered in front of us as we move through it but while it's frozen Morty we can get to…the edge.
Here we go. 
Holy crap! 
Come on Morty. 
Sir they're over the edge. 
Yes they are.
Just as planned.
*evil laughter others join in* Oh this is going to be such a mindfuck! 
Keep your eyes peeled for the central processing room Morty.
That's how we're gonna scam these idiots. 
So hey why do these aliens keep coming after you Rick if you're so much smarter than them? 
It's an obsession for them at this point.
The Zigerions have been trying to outsmart me for years Morty.
Every time they do I'm one step ahead of them.
Aha!
Here we go.
Grab as many processors as you can carry Morty.
These guys aren't good at much but they're really good at making these chips. 
I've got so many I can barely hold them all!
Look at look at this.
Oops.
I dropped one. 
Don't worry about it Morty.
There's plenty of them you little goofball.
Come here Morty!
Oh I gotcha! 
Come on quit it Rick!
Quit it! 
Nothing wrong with just a little bit of horseplay every now and then little fella. 
Wow.
What do you know?
Huh.
That was easy. 
Totes malotes dawg. 
Just kind of hard to believe you know? 
Believe it Morty.
And once again I'm flying away with everything I can carry and the Zigerions got nothing of mine. 
Mr.
Marklevitz do you have a minute to talk? 
Yes. 
Look I'm a fraud.
I mean let's face it.
Hungry for apples is just a rip-off of Got milk?
It's almost identical. 
Yes. 
Okay.
I deserve that.
Um I guess I'll just pack up my desk. 
Yes. 
Oh my god.
Wait.
You know what?!
No!
The milk people don't have a patent on simple rhetorical questions!
Y-You-- There's not even a single word in Hungry for Apples that's shared by Got milk?
It's a completely different slogan.
It's different!
And I shouldn't be fired.
I should be promoted! 
Yes. 
Yeah!
Wait.
Really? 
Yes. 
Yes!
I mean it may be derivative but it's the most successful campaign to come out of this agency in a long time. 
Yes. 
I-I'm not saying it should win an award for commercials but it could certainly be nominated for an award for commercials specifically about apples like an Appley or something. 
Yes. 
Is there really an award called the Appley for apple-related ad campaigns? 
Yes. 
Could we nominate me? 
Yes. 
Holy crap! 
Get in Morty.
I'm gonna be able to use these processors to make some real important science stuff.
Huh.
I thought I entered the code right. 
Well what's this?
W-what could this possibly be?
Because it looks like you're inside a simulation…inside a simulation.
You're still on the ship.
Game-day bucket go boom! 
Sir the uh doctor's appointment to examine the discoloration on your butthole flaps was-- 
Too loud Cynthia.
Too loud and too specific. 
Uhh… 
We've known how to make concentrated dark matter for a long time.
But now we also know the code to your fabled safe Rick Sanchez!
All your most valuable secrets will now be ours! 
Uh yeah until I get home before you and change the combination you bunch of idiots! 
That is why you're never getting home.
Get them! 
RUN MORTY! 
Oh my god! 
I got to tell you this morning I didn't even know this award existed.
Now I'm holding one.
And um… Look I want to say that today was the best day of my life But the truth is it's it's more meaningful than that. 
My man! 
Yes.
Thank you sir.
I am finally complete! 
My my my my man! 
Aah!
What the hell?!
No. 
Jerry?! 
Dad! 
What are you doing here?
W-why are you dressed like a waiter?
Screw it.
We don't have time.
Come on. 
No! 
Man up Jerry!
I may need you to work the lasers. 
Oh man!
They're hot on our tail Rick! 
I guess they really do have concentrated dark matter. 
Well you know how to make it too right Rick? 
Yeah.
Yeah yeah yeah.
Uh check the engine room.
We just need cesium Plutonic quarks and bottled water. 
Whoa!
It's all here Rick! 
Wow Morty.
Lucky break.
Grab that bucket.
Okay two parts Plutonic quarks one part cesium. 
Okay.
Uh-huh.
Alright. 
Now empty the water bottle into the bucket and pour it all into the fuel tank so we can get the hell out of here!
What are you doing Morty?!
There's no time! 
Oh no. 
What the…? 
No! 
Oh my god Rick.
How dumb are you?
You're inside a simulation of a simulation…inside another giant simulation!
W-we never had the recipe for concentrated dark matter.
But we do now!
We do now sucka! 
You simulated my grandson's genitalia?!
Y-y-you bunch of diabolical sons of bitches! 
Kevin fought real hard to supervise that project. 
You said you weren't gonna tell anyone!
I'm never gonna live this down am I? 
All right.
Okay.
All right great.
Wonderful.
You win.
Can we go home now? 
I don't know.
Can you? 
Ha!
Nice.
Okay okay.
Show this gullible turd to his shuttle.
I'm done with him.
Oh wait.
Let me get a picture.
Aww.
Look at his face.
He's trying to figure out if He's in a simulation still.
Are you Rick?
Are you?
*laughs walks awaywalks back* Or are you?
Oh a-and by the way I don't have discolored butthole flaps.
That was part of the simulation. 
Oh.
Uh sir should I cancel that appointment then? 
Yeah!
Of course you should!
No keep it.
Move it up actually if you can. 
Hey Jerry don't worry about it.
So what if the most meaningful day of your life was a simulation operating at minimum capacity? 
You know what Rick?
Those guys took you for a ride too.
You should try having a little respect for the dummies of the universe now that you're one of us. 
Maybe you're right Jerry.
Maybe you're right. 
All right everybody.
Two parts Plutonic quarks… One part cesium….
A-and listen I'm sorry for shouting earlier.
I-I couldn't ask for a better staff.
I love you guys and I love all your families.
And the final ingredient… 
Whoa!
What the hell?!
W-what happened back there? 
Why don't you ask the smartest people in the universe Jerry?
Oh yeah.
You can't.
They blew up. 
So… What do you think? 
You're fired. 
Wha--?
But t-this idea was tested in a state-of-the-art simulation. 
Well then it was a terrible simulation.
Get out. 
Man how does a guy like that go home and have sex with his wife? 
Hey Morty. 
What? 
Hey little buddy.
H-h-how you doing in here right now? 
Aw geez Rick.
What are you doing man? 
Y-y-you're a good kid Morty.
Y-you're a real l-little c-character Morty. 
Oh boy. 
You know I had a really rocky road today M-Morty.
You're my little friend aren't you?
We had some good times together huh M-Morty?
We You're a real true hero out in the field.
You're a… You're a real trouper huh M-M-Morty? 
Have you been drinking Rick? 
I really appreciate you Morty. 
O-okay cool.
A-alright Rick 
*suddenly aggressive holds a knife to Morty's throat* You little son of a bitch!
Y-y- are you a simulation?!
Huh?!
Are you a simulation?! 
No!
No!
No! 
You little son of a bitch! 
*terrified gasps* 
I-I-I'm sorry Morty.
Y-you're a good… You're a good kid Morty. 
Geez! 
Y-you're a good… You're a good kid. 
Oh my god! 
W-w-what the hell?
What a life. 
Run! 
Morty do it!
Hit the button now! 
I can't do it Rick!
They're my parents and sister! 
Morty I already told you it's not your family!
They're clones from an alternate reality possessed by demonic alien spirits from another dimension's future!
Do you need a mnemonic device or something?
Just hit the button already! 
Morty please.
I love you sweetheart. 
Ohhhh… 
Good work Morty. 
Y-You know these demonic alien spirits are really valuable! 
You okay Morty?
Told you not to trust that tuna. 
I just killed my family!
I don't care what they were! 
I dunno Morty.
Some people would pay top dollar for that kinda breakthrough. 
Y-You know what Rick?
That's it!
I-I'm done with these…insane adventures!
That was really traumatizing!
I quit!
I'm out! 
Whoa whoa whoa *grabs Morty's shoulder stopping him* come on Morty!
D-D-Don't be like that!
The universe is a crazy and chaotic place! 
You're the one that's crazy and chaotic!
Adventures are supposed to be simple!
And fun! 
Oh yeah Morty.
Yeah t-t-that- that's real easy to say from the sidekick position.
But--But uh h-how about next time you be in charge then we'll talk about how simple and fun it is. 
Seriously Rick?!
Y-You'll let me call the shots? 
Okay fine.
But let's make it interesting Morty.
I-I-If your adventure sucks and we bail halfway through it you lose the right to bitch about all future adventures.
Plus you have to do my laundry for a month. 
Okay all right tough guy!
But if my adventure's good… I get to be in charge of every third adventure! 
Every 10th. 
Deal.
All right.
Well come on let's get going. 
Dad the dishwasher's doing that thing again. 
Washing dishes? 
No.
The opposite.
Can you fix it? 
Grandpa Rick can you help me with my science homework? 
Yeah just don't do it. 
Grandpa! 
Hey Rick you got some kind of hand-shaped device that can open this mayonnaise jar? 
Wow.
Hat trick.
All right Morty let's put a pin in this.
I got to help your pathetic family. 
Oh that sounds like something a chicken would say.
Bawk bawk bawk bawk bawk bawk. 
Oh Morty you done did it this time.
It's on.
I can't wait to watch your adventure lay a huge fart.
As for you dingdongs… This is a Meeseeks box.
Let me show you how it works.
You press this. 
I'm Mr.
Meeseeks!
Look at me! 
You make a request.
Mr.
Meeseeks open Jerry's stupid mayonnaise jar. 
Yes siree! 
The Meeseeks fulfills the request. 
All done! 
Wow! 
And then it stops existing. 
Oh my God he exploded! 
Trust me they're fine with it.
Knock yourselves out just keep your requests simple.
They're not gods. 
All right!
Get out of here now!
Everybody out of here!
I got a bet to win! 
So many possibilities. 
My mind is racing. 
If we're gonna use this thing which I'm not even sure we should we need to keep it simple. 
I'm Mr.
Meeseeks! 
I want to be popular at school! 
Ooh okay! 
Summer what did I just- 
Ooh I'm Mr.
Meeseeks!
Look at me! 
I want I want to be a more complete woman! 
Beth! 
Oh yeah!
Yes ma'am! 
You guys are doing it wrong.
He said simple. 
Hey there.
I'm Mr.
Meeseeks! 
Mr.
Meeseeks I would like to take two strokes off my golf game. 
Ooh yeah!
Can do! 
Nailed it. 
God Morty what a boring start to an adventure.
Why didn't we just go to Kentucky? 
Rick this is a fantasy-type world with creatures and all sorts of fantasy things.
We're going on a quest okay? 
Can't wait. 
Ahem.
Excuse me!
We are two humble heroes in search of adventure! 
Oh my God so embarrassing. 
At last!
Two heroes!
You must help us!
This village is terribly poor yet the giant that lives in the clouds above has untold treasures! 
You know what?
I accept your call to adventure good sir kind sir.
Come on Rick.
There's a giant in the clouds! 
Yeah.
Beginner's luck. 
In conclusion a friendship with Summer Smith is the most valuable and enriching experience of your young lives.
I'm Mr.
Meeseeks!
Look at me!
Thank you! 
I got pregnant at 17.
I mean I still put myself through veterinary school.
Yes I'm successful but what if I hadn't…-- I'm just saying somewhere along the way I lost that wide-eyed girl from muskegon. 
She's still there Beth. 
Well her waistline isn't. 
Beth having a family doesn't mean that you stop being an individual.
You know the best thing you can do for people that depend on you?
Be honest with them even if it means setting them free. 
You're saying I should leave Jerry.
I can't believe I'm finally having this conversation. 
More wine? 
I think I've had enough. 
Remember to square your shoulders Jerry. 
Yeah yeah.
I got it. 
That's okay.
I'm Mr.
Meeseeks!
Look at me!
Try again and keep your head down. 
Okay well which is it?
Square my shoulders or keep my head down? 
Well it's both.
But most importantly you got to relax. 
You know what Mr.
Meeseeks?
I don't think this is working.
I give up. 
Well make yourself comfortable because I suck. 
No Jerry I'm the one who SUCKS!
Let me try something. 
I'm Mr.
Meeseeks!
Look at me! 
Hi Mr.
Meeseeks!
I'm Mr.
Meeseeks!
Look at me. 
Hi! 
Can you help me get two strokes off of Jerry's golf swing? 
Can do!
I'm Mr.
Meeseeks!
Is he keeping his shoulders squared? 
Ooh he's trying! 
All right Morty.
We're in your stupid giant's castle.
What do we do next? 
Would you just relax Rick?
All we got to do is find the treasure room okay?
It's nice and simple.
You know I'm sorry everything's going so smoothly and adventurously. 
Uh-oh Morty.
Startin' to get a little hairy.
What do you want to do boss? 
Come on hurry.
Behind this cookie jar. 
Fee!
Fi!
Fo!
Fum! 
Just give up Morty.
This is game over.
I'll take us home right now.
You just say the word. 
No way Rick.
This is all part of it.
Adventures have conflict.
Deal with it. 
I smell the blood of- whoop! 
Holy crap. 
Oh boy.
He looks pretty bad down there Morty.
Looks like he's bleeding out. 
Oh Jesus!
Dale!
You sons of bitches!
Oh man.
Hello 911?
My husband has been attacked by tiny people!
He's dying! 
Hey look we get it.
You're little you're down on your luck you think hey he's a giant.
Why don't we break into his home rob him and murder him? 
Th-th but that's not how it went down! 
Oh well it's going down like that.
You're both going down like that. 
Ooh boy Morty you're really showing me how it's done.
Real straightforward and fun. 
Like letting go of the need to be popular is what makes people like you. 
The most important love you can receive is from yourself. 
Okay Jerry you got to just choke up on the club! 
Well which is it choke up or follow-through?! 
Aww come on Jerry we've been over this.
You know you got to do both!
This is as frustrating for us as it is for you. 
Don't tell me that!
That just puts pressure on me! 
Just try to relax. 
You try to relax!
Have you ever tried to relax?!
It is a paradox!
Ugh these Meeseeks huh?
Kind of a handful.
I can't imagine what you two must be going through. 
Our Meeseeks have been gone for hours Jerry. 
You're kidding me. 
Notice anything different? 
I'm sorry.
Hours? 
Dad mom is a beautiful woman!
Look at her!
You will lose her! 
Uhh… Hey Jerry you mind if we get back to the task at hand?
Meeseeks don't usually have to exist this long.
It's getting weird. 
Order in the court!
Before the jury reaches its verdict I just want to say that I consider you both very guilty. 
Oh great adventure buddy.
Rick and Morty go to giant prison.
You know if somebody drops the soap it's gonna land on our heads and crush our spines Morty.
You know it'll be really easy to rape us after that. 
We're gonna be okay Rick. 
How?
They took my portal gun.
This is an open-and-shut case Morty.
You know what do you think's gonna happen some magical angel's gonna show up and then- 
Fee!
Fi!
Fo!
Fum!
I smell the violation of civil liberties!
Your honor I'm from a tiny-persons advocacy group and I have here in my hand a motion to dismiss.
These little men were never read their giant rights and are therefore free-fi to fo-home. 
W-what the hell is he talking about? 
They're free to go is what I meant.
I'm deconstructing our our our thing we say.
We're giants.
Nobody got that?
Whatever. 
Oh man what did I tell you Rick?
We did it! 
All right Morty looks like the portal gun's still working.
You ready to head home? 
Oh yeah you'd like that wouldn't you Rick?
Well you know what?
We're not bailing out just yet.
You know we're gonna go find some treasure or something and and we're gonna bring it to those villagers. 
Morty cut your losses.
This is obviously awash. 
Yeah you were saying that back when we first got arrested but here we are you know walking down the courthouse steps. 
Oh boy Morty. 
Usually walking down the courthouse steps is the easy part of the adventure. 
What do you say Morty? 
I say give me a hand sidekick. 
to make this easier an * will be put next to meeseek everytime a different meeseeks talks. 
Everybody shut up!
Let me try!
Damn it!
Damn it!
Damn it! 
I'm going out. 
Wait.
What? 
Well you're busy.
I'm hungry.
I thought I'd go out.
Do you want me to be happy or do you want me to be in prison? 
Whoa whoa where in the hell is I'll take you to dinner. 
AWWWWWWW! 
Hey you know what?
It's hard being me too.
I'll be right there.
Look I've got a marriage to keep together.
At this point my golf swing is more your problem than mine. 
I can't take it anymore.
I just want to die! 
Yeah Morty this is the part of the story everybody loves scaling down 650 000 oversized steps. 
All right okay you know if this was a story this part wouldn't be included stupid.
Hey Rick what do you know?
Look down there.
Looks like some kind of tavern or something built right into the side of the step. 
Oh wow Rick.
Now this is more like it.
Look there's little staircase-shaped people in here.
All kinds of crazy characters.
This place is great you know?
It's whimsical and fun. 
What are you looking at mother- 
Easy Rick. 
Pay them no mind.
Those stair goblins can be moody.
Now what can I getcha?
We've got skarlog poppies flurlow halzingers bloogies juicy time babies. 
Yeah yeah yeah how about some scotch whiskey?
You got any of that around here?
Or just a bunch of nonsense words? 
Rick… We'll have two bloogies please.
And uh we were wondering is there a faster way two heroes could get down these stairs? 
Y'all need to ride down the stairs?
My name is slippely-slippery stair.
I'll take you down there for 25 shmeckels. 
25 shmeckels?
I don't know how much I don't know what that is.
Is that a lot?
Is it a little? 
That's exactly how much I spent on my big fake boobies. 
It's a tempting offer but I'm gonna have to decline. 
Morty your adventure's in a spiral.
For real man time to pull out. 
You keep heckling my adventure Rick!
You know why? 
Uh because it's lame? 
It's because you're petty!
You know how many times have I had to follow you into some nonsensical bull crap?
I always roll with the punches Rick.
Why can't you?
Look I got to take a leak and when I come back if you haven't learned how to lighten up don't be here! 
Whatever. 
It's become clear-look at me- that if we concentrate all our efforts on Jerry's follow-through we will solve this problem.
I'm Mr.
Meeseeks. 
Look at me.
I'm Mr.
Meeseeks.
I've been trying to help Jerry for two days an eternity in Meeseeks time and nothing's worked.
I fear the worst. 
Your failures are your own old man.
I'm Mr.
Meeseeks!
Look at me.
I say follow-through!
Who's with me?!
Follow-through! 
I'm Mr.
Meeseeks!
Look at me! 
Kill him! 
Hisssss! 
Hi Mr.
Jelly Bean.
I'm Morty.
My grandpa and I are on an adventure. 
I hope so.
But I'm starting to get nervous that maybe it's gone a little too far off the rails. 
Hey you know what?
You're right.
Everything's going fine.
I just got to relax and go with the flow. 
Okay.
Uh.
B-bye. 
Stop.
You're making me really uncomfortable. 
Get off of me! 
Whoo!
No!
Stop!
Please! 
No!
No! 
Everybody sto-o-o-p!
Look at me!
My brothers nothing will be accomplished by shedding Meeseeks blood.
None of us can die until our job is done. 
No we won't.
But we will get all strokes off his game. 
Where's he going with this?
What's he mean? 
When we kill him! 
Jerry maybe it's time I take that trip I always talk about. 
Where would you go? 
I don't know man.
Italy.
Greece.
Argentina. 
Countries known for their sexually aggressive men.
Did I tell you how much I love your new haircut? 
What the heck? 
There he is! 
Run Jerry! 
Come on out Jerry! 
Guys I'll choke up.
I'll follow through.
I'll do whatever you tell me to do okay? 
Oh we're well past that Jerry. 
Come on Rick quit stalling.
What do ya got? 
Read 'em and weep fellas!
Oh hey Morty.
Listen I'm really sorry about all that stuff I said earlier about your adventure.
I'm havin' a good time Morty.
It's not so bad. 
We can't leave now Morty.
I'm on fire! 
Look I want to leave now.
You win the bet okay?
Just give me the portal gun and let's go please.
Please I just want to go home. 
Okay.
Listen Morty.
I just won a bunch of shmeckels.
Why don't we use 25 of them to pay slippery stair here for a ride back to the village and then we'll give the rest of the shmeckels to the villagers huh? 
Really? 
Sure Morty.
Yeah.
You know a good adventure needs a good ending. 
Buckle up! 
Samantha.
Please mister!
Give him what he wants! 
Innocent people are going to die because of me.
Why am I so mediocre? 
Jerry turn around.
Straighten your back.
Bend your knees.
Bend them.
Square your shoulders.
Take a deep breath.
I love you. 
He's got it!
That's a lower handicap stro-o-ke! 
Excuse me.
I'm a bit of a stickler Meeseeks.
What about your short game? 
Oh my God oh my God!
What about your short game?! 
Ooh nice! 
I think we'll take our food to go. 
No you won't.
The police are coming.
You have so many questions to answer. 
Fair enough. 
Thank you kind sir.
Our village is saved!
You are both true heroes! 
Good job Morty.
Looks like you won the bet. 
Thanks Rick but I don't know if I should.
You know you were right about the universe.
It's a crazy and chaotic place. 
Well you know maybe that's why it could use a little cleaning up every now and then you know.
This one's wrapped up neat and clean because we did it Morty style. 
Oh!
Heroes we would like to introduce you to our beloved king so that he may thank you personally. 
Uh no I-it's cool.
Rick.
Portal.
Hurry. 
So… You still thinking about taking that trip? 
Jerry look.
We don't have a perfect marriage but I'm not going anywhere.
When we were in that freezer I realized the Meeseeks are like the guys I went to high school with willing to say anything to complete their task. 
Was I one of those guys? 
The difference is you didn't disappear afterwards. 
Well… I got you pregnant. 
Yeah… 
What the hell happened to this place? 
Uh your Meeseeks box happened.
They went crazy when they couldn't take two strokes off Jerry's golf game.
He felt terrible. 
Hey it's not my fault that Jerry's an idiot. 
Dad! 
Is there anything you can do to clean this place up? 
Well you know I do have a Fleeseeks box. 
No.
No more boxes. 
What?
It just has a mop and some floor wax in it.
Wubba lubba dub dubs!
Yeah!
That's my new thing!
I'm kind of like what's his name Arsenio.
Isn't that it's what Arsenio used to say on his show.
Wobble gobba lop bops!
Right?
See you next week everybody. 
I don't get it. 
Sir I think you're going to want to see this.
We found it inside a lockbox inside king Jelly Bean's closet.
We have to tell the people. 
Wait.
Destroy it.
Our people will get more from the idea he represented… than from the jelly bean he actually was. 
Learning to fly this thing Morty it's gonna be really liberating.
Y-Y-You're gonna be free to go on all kinds of errands for me. 
Cool. 
See that planet right there?
Don't fly too close to that planet.
Someone'll come out and try to wash your windshield.
Hold on.
Yup.
Yeah I have it.
Where do you wanna meet?
Alright cool.
Alright Morty lesson's over.
We got some business to attend to a few lightminutes south of here. 
Oh you still use 'south' in space? 
WHOA!
Jesus Jerry what the hell are you doing here?! 
What are you talking about?
We agreed a boy's father should be present when he's learning to drive. 
I guess I remember that.
Wow.
And you've just been back there this whole time?
Amazing.
Well we don't have time to take him to Earth Morty.
Head for 3124-917. 
Cool!
Looks like I'm comin' along for an adventure! 
Yep. 
This is where we're going? 
Nope.
This is.
You can park in a handicapped spot Morty.
Anything with less than eight limbs is considered disabled here. 
Thank you!
I'm Jerry. 
I'm travelling with my son and father-in-law.
Uh wait are they coming? 
What? 
I don't know how this works! 
Help me! 
What the hell? 
I know right? 
Oh what the hell? 
I know right? 
Jerryboree?
You created a daycare for my dad? 
You kidding?
I wish I had this idea.
Well… I did have this idea but I wish I was the version of me that owned it.
That guy's rich. 
Don't forget to check the reason for your drop-off. 
*checks off Stowaway and Annoying me * Trust me Morty I've heard stories from other Ricks.
Jerrys don't tend to last five minutes off of Earth.
This is a totally unregistered cross-temporal asteroid.
Here they can romp and play with other Jerrys.
It couldn't be safer. 
Hey Morty hang onto this.
That number's your dad.
If you lose it we're not gonna be able to get him back. 
Okay wait here. 
I wanna come with. 
Don't come with.
It's boring it's business stuff. 
What kinda business do you do in a garage?
You know this seems a little shady. 
Right like nothing shady ever happened in a fully furnished office?
You ever hear about Wall Street Morty?
Y-You know what those guys do in th--in their fancy board rooms?
They take their balls and they dip 'em in cocaine and they wipe 'em all over each other.
You know Grandpa goes around and he does his business in public because Grandpa isn't shady. 
Ah crap.
Hey what's up? 
Hey Rick!
Haha!
Here you go three thousand Flurbos!
D'you have the weapon? 
Can… Can we please…?
This is my grandson Morty. 
Well hi Morty!
I'm Krombopulos Michael!
I'm an assassin.
I buy guns from your grandpa. 
Ugh.
Here now go away. 
Ooh yeah this looks deadly.
So this shoots antimatter?
My target can't be killed with regular matter.
Nice to meet you Morty!
Listen if you ever need anybody murdered please give me a call.
I'm very discrete-- 
Y-Y-Y-You're gonna give him your card?! 
I have no code of ethics I will kill anyone anywhere!
Children animals old people doesn't matter.
I just love killin'! 
…You sell weapons to killers for money? 
Ugh… You've got what the intergalactic call a very planetary mindset Morty.
It's more complicated out here!
These are Flurbos.
Do you understand what two humans can accomplish with three thousand of these? 
Uh what? 
An entire afternoon at Blips and Chiiiitz! 
Aw this place is the best.
It's got beer games prizes and you can never tell what time it is. 
You sold a gun to a murderer so you could play video games? 
Yeah sure if you spend all day shuffling words around you can make anything sound bad Morty.
Here check this out. 
Ah! 
I…had a nightmare.
I was with an old man… He put a helmet on me. 
I want you kids to look around you today and think about your future.
Now is the time in your life when anything is possible. 
Spiraling perfectly it's gonna be caught by Roy Parsons!
Roy Parsons is at the 20!
Now he's at the 10!
Nothing can stop Roy the Rocket!
Touchdown! 
Had we caught it sooner… Well hindsight is 20-20 Roy.
What's important is that we move quickly. 
I'm not…ready to die… 
Hey thanks for the carpet Roy. 
Hey Roy you pull those Persian off-white shags for the clearance sale? 
Whoa.
Sh-shit!
Shit! 
Whoa!
What the hell?!
Wha--Where am I?!
What the hell?! 
Fifty-five years.
Not bad Morty.
You kinda wasted your thirties though with that whole birdwatching phase. 
*looks around grips his head* W… Where's my wife? 
Morty.
You were just playing a game.
It's called Roy.
Snap out of it come on. 
I'm Morty… You're Rick… Hey you sold a gun to a guy that kills people! 
Lookit this.
You beat cancer and then you went back to work at the carpet store?
Boo. 
Don't dodge the issue Rick!
Selling a gun to a hitman is the same as pulling the trigger! 
It's also the same as doing nothing.
If Krombopulos Michael wants someone dead there's not a lot anybody can do to stop him.
That's why he does it for a living?
Now if you'll excuse me it's time to thrash your Roy score. 
You could stop this killing from happening Rick!
You know y-you did a bad thing selling that gun but you could undo it if you wanted! 
Uh-huh yeah that's the difference between you and me Morty.
I never go back to the carpet store. 
*passing by sees Rick playing Roy* Holy shit!
This guy's taking Roy off the grid!
This guy doesn't have a social security number for Roy! 
Hi I'm sorry I think there was a misunderstanding.
I'm an adult and would like to go home please. 
Unbelievable. 
I know how to crawl in a tube.
*to himself while crawling* Ugh… Come on… This is harder than it looks… Whoooooaaaa! 
Come find me. 
You guys are enjoying this?
Don't you feel a little… patronized? 
Jerry! 
Beeeth. 
Oh come on this is ridiculous! 
I love you Jerry! 
Aw… Beth… 
Who wants to come watch Midnight Run with director's commentary on? 
Oh!
Yes!
Definitely! 
First one there gets to adjust the picture settings! 
The factory tint setting is always too high!
*climbs out of the ballpit and hurries after Beth with the other Jerrys* 
Out of my way! 
The factory tint setting is always too high! 
Oh boy here I go killin' again! 
You have arrived at Krombopulos Michael.
Your destination is below. 
All out of off-white Persians… Oh man wha-wh-wh-what have I done?! 
Drop the gun! 
You don't understand!
This guy was gonna kill someone! 
I guess that makes two of us. 
What are you doing Morty?!
This is a Galactic Federation outpost!
Look I don't have time to tell you my entire backstory but Grandpa and government don't get along! 
You saved my life! 
What? 
Huh?!
Are you Krombopulos Michael's target?
W-Wwwwhat's your name? 
My kind has no use for names.
I communicate through what you call Jessica's feet.
No telepathy. 
Oh good job Morty.
Y-Y-Y-You killed my best customer but you saved a mind-reading fart! 
I like this name 'Fart.' Morty would you kindly release me by pulling that lever to the left of my cell?
I am in great pain. 
Morty don't do it.
Morty… Morty you idiot! 
Oh crap let's get you outta here! 
We can't get him outta here.
He's gaseous.
He's not gonna make it through a portal Morty. 
Well then I guess we're all getting in the car!
Right uh… 
Fart. 
No!
Jus-j-j-just get in the car! 
Morty come on I-I wanna go back to Blips and Chitz.
I don't wanna deal with this! 
Y-You've been clear on the fact that you don't wanna help so just go away! 
More are coming. 
Screw this.
I'm out. 
Oooh…!
Come on come on! 
Get out of the vehicle made of garbage or we will open fire! 
Oh no no no! 
Open fire! 
Stupid-ass fart-saving carpet-store motherfucker!
Move! 
Wait did you fuck with my seat settings? 
More are coming. 
Rick! 
Yeah yeah. 
Your geldon convertor is pretty dinged up. 
That's 'cause my grandson drives like a male Obavradian.
Yeah I said it.
Some stereotypes are based in fact. 
Actually it's because of years of neglect.
You really need to respect your gears Rick.
To you they're just wheels with teeth but in my culture wars have been fought entire-- 
So I've heard.
Just fix it.
I don't think the Gromflomites can track us now but it looks like we're gonna be here for awhile.
Or ya know if you still have that gun K.
Michael dropped we can finish the job and go home. 
You do understand I'm telepathic right? 
I'm being polite. 
Rick we're taking him back where he belongs! 
Yeah where's that?
Are you going on a quest to find he who smelt it? 
I came here accidentally through a wormhole located in what you call get out of my head Fart I know you're in here la la la la-- No in what you call the Promethean Nebula. 
Oh great just a hop skip and an 800 lightyear jump! 
You know you can leave any time you want Rick. 
*walks away muttering* Whatever you wanna do you little punk-ass little bitch… 
Thank you Morty.
You are not like other carbon-based life forms.
You put the value of all life above your own. 
That's how things should be.
It's how they could be. 
I could not agree more. 
The world can be one together / Cosmos without hatred / Stars like diamonds in your eyes. / The ground can be space (space space space space) / With feet marching toward a peaceful sky. / All the moonmen want things their way / But we make sure they see the sun. / Goodbye moonmen / You say goodbye moonmen. / Goodby-- 
Shut the fuck up about moonmen!
This isn't a musical number.
This is a fucking operation we gotta be cool and fucking lay low! 
Duck duck birdie?
Very funny! 
Here comes another funny… 
Hahaha!
Oh this place is great. 
I almost wish I could stay longer than one day. 
You just might. 
W-What do you mean? 
These are the Jerrys whose Ricks and Mortys never came back. (Forgotten Jerrys stand sit and lie around the room generally looking despondent.) …They live here now. 
Uuuum… 
No gear turnings as of yet in the curious case of these unidentified humanoid fugitives reportedly at large somewhere within the Gear System. 
Son of a… Why were the Gromflomites holding you prisoner?
What the fuck is so valuable about you? 
I am no more valuable than life itself.
However I am able to alter the composition of atoms like this. (An electric fuzz seems to go through the gaseous cloud and a lump of gold materializes dropping to the ground beneath him.) That was oxygen.
I added seventy-one protons to it. 
Ah terrific.
The fart that pooped gold.
No wonder every cop in the system is lookin' for us!
Any species that gets a hold of this thing is gonna use it to take over the galaxy.
Do you know how inconvenient that's gonna be to my work? 
Somebody dropped the dime on us.
Gearhead… 
I'm sorry Rick.
The reward on your head is too high.
And like you always say you gotta look out for Number One. 
Number One is me asshole!
You're supposed to be my friend! 
Friend?
Do you even know my real name?
It's Revolio Clockberg Junior.
I belong to an entire species of gear people.
Calling me 'Gearhead' is like calling a Chinese person 'Asia-face.' 
No not twigs! 
Two things I wanna make clear to everybody in this room.
Never betray me and it's time to go. 
Hey Morty remember when you said selling a gun was as bad as pulling the trigger?
How do you feel about all these people getting killed because of your choices? 
I did the right thing Rick! 
Tell that to Gearhead's gearsticles. 
You did that! 
Wrong!
I'd be playin' Roy right now.
At a certain point my hands are tied Morty. 
*playing poker with other Jerrys sighs* I can't believe Rick did this.
This is the eighth to the last straw. 
Ante up. 
You know what?
Screw it!
I have a better gamble for your guys.
I say we escape. 
If you want to leave you can just go out the front door. 
But… If you can leave then why are you still here? 
Same reason as you. …We're Jerrys. 
I'm leaving. 
Morty take the wheel! 
Whoa whoa! 
Whoa! 
Geez dammit Morty!
Who taught you to fly this thing?!
Haha I'm kidding I know that's on me. 
Um Rick! 
Shit.
Well I guess this is it. 
Morty crack the window. 
I wonder why Greg is always so critical of my girlfriend. 
Well… He'd probably like to have me to himself that's how friends are. 
Or does he want her to himself? 
The world can be one together / Cosmos without hatred / Stars like diamonds in your eyes. 
My life is a fucking joke. 
Goodbye moonmen. / You say goodbye moonmen. 
Goodbye moonmen… Alright let's proceed. 
Damn.
Can't blame that on the dog. …Talk about silent but deadly.
I-I've seen some nerve gas but ga- th-this gas got some nerve!
Haha you know what I'm sayin'? 
Are you done? 
I'll let you know Morty.
Gone with the wind am I right?
If you don't like that one Morty an alt on that one could be like…if I said Gasablanca! …Alright I'm done.
Let's get to the Promethean Nebula so my grandson can finish savin' a life! 
Ga-ga blahg blahg? 
Um… Earth please? 
Um… Is this… Do I pay? 
Agah blahg-blah! 
Sorry! 
Hmm.
Hmm… *hesitantly makes to pet the creature but its face suddenly splays out in a tentacle formation* Agh! 
Agah blahg blahg? 
I don't… 
Agah blahg! 
What do you want? 
Agah blahg blah-- 
Oh!
Ahahaaaahhhhh…. 
Uhhh… Huhhh….
Oooh! 
Right?
Who needs that? 
Right?
Not me. 
Oh-ho not us! 
Uh… Who are you? 
Oh excuse me.
Paul Fleishman.
Infinite timelines!
In some of them Beth remarries. 
…Geez… 
Don't worry.
I treat Beth very well and I do not overstep my bounds with Morty.
Every kid needs a dad but there's no replacing you.
Hey you wanna give us a hand with this?
We're trying to figure out how to get the sound coming through the stereo instead of the TV.
I-I-I don't--It's very difficult. 
Oh.
Uh well is there an Aux input? 
Uh… There's two different colors. 
The wormhole is seventy of what you call 'meters' what you call 'north' of what you call 'here.' 
Fine.
Morty take your fart to his hole and say your goodbyes.
I'm gonna find some fuel and take a biiiig fat Morty.
That's my new word for 'shit' because of today's events. 
Here it is.
This should take me back to my kind. 
I'm gonna miss you um Fart.
I'm really sorry your name became Fart. 
I will be back soon Morty. 
Really? 
After I return to the others with this location we will be back for your cleansing. 
Um… Cleansing…? 
Carbon-based life is a threat to all higher life.
To us you are what you would call a disease.
Wherever we discover you we cure it.
You said yourself that life must be protected even through sacrifice. (Morty shocked and saddened begins to tear up.) You haven't changed your mind about that.
I can sense your thoughts.
Morty. 
Um… Before you go… Could you sing a… C-Could you sing for me again? 
Yes Morty.
*approaches him as Goodbye Moonmen begins again set to a sequence formed from Morty's imagination* Cosmos without hatred / Blinding stars of cosmic light / Quasars shine through endless night / And everything is one in the beauty / And now we say goodby-- 
Morty… Why… Why? 
Goodbye. 
So did you guys make out a little bit?
Is he gonna send you a postcard?
Man that guy hit the lottery when he crossed paths with you. 
Morty I know I picked on your core beliefs and decision making a lot today but I am glad you insisted on gettin' that fart home.
You know at least all the death and destruction wasn't for nothin' you know?
*notices Morty's detached almost anguished expression* You miss your fart friend huh?
Well I've got a little surprise for you buddy.
While you were gone I found another wormhole with millions of beings just like him on the other side and they're all coming to visit. 
What?!
Rick!
No you can't! 
Too late Morty.
The hole's opening. 
No no Rick!
You don't understand! 
Th-there's a lot more where that came from too. 
Hey.
Hey bro.
How many people was your Roy responsible for killing today? 
None we chilled at Blips and Chitz all day ain't that right homie? 
Darn right bro!
Roy rules! 
Haha! 
Must be nice… Hey Morty there's our Jerry. 
Mm I missed you.
Hey Rick. 
Glad you're safe Jerry.
What do you say we go home? 
I'd like that. 
Hey wait do you have 5126? 
Uh I'm not sure.
Morty. 
Uh that's a Blips and Chitz ticket. 
What?! 
Way to go Morty.
Eh whatever. 
Uh… W-wait what? 
Alright come on Jerry. 
Are you tired of the same daily droll?
Well get on over to Blips and Chitz! (As he describes things they appear on screen.) We got uh… one game!
We got a whole bunch of games here!
Uh we got chabos and flobos and you can shoot things!
Get on over here and play the games!
Use your Flurbos to get tickets!
Roy 2 just got here!
G-Get over here at Ch… Chips and Chitz! 
It's the coolest place in the world!
Hahahaha I g- I get to be in a commercial! 
(offscreen in the distance) Morty. 
(offscreen in the distance) Morty! 
Rick? 
(offscreen in the distance) Hey Mooorty! 
Rick?
Are you far away or are you inside something? 
(offscreen in the distance) Morty the garage Morty.
Come to the garage! 
Morty? 
Rick?
W-where are you? 
On my work bench Morty. 
Are you invisible and you're gonna like fart on me? 
Flip the pickle over. 
What I'm gonna touch it and you're gonna tell me it's an alien dick or something. 
Come on flip the pickle Morty.
You're not gonna regret it.
The payoff is huge. 
I turned myself into a pickle Morty!
Boom!
I'm a pickle.
What do you think about that?
I turned myself into a pickle!
W-what are you just staring at me for bro.
I turned myself into a pickle Morty! 
And? 
And ?
What more do you want tacked on to this?
I turned myself into a pickle and 9/11 was an inside job? 
Was it? 
Who cares Morty?
Global acts of terrorism happen every day.
Uh here's something that's I'm a pickle.
I'm Pickle Rick! 
Are you going to I mean you know is this the first part of some magic trick? 
I don't do magic Morty I do science.
One takes brains the other takes dark eye liner. 
Well can you move?
Can you fly? 
I wouldn't be much of a pickle if I could. 
All right well do pickles live forever or 
Morty stop digging for hidden layers and just be impressed.
I'm a pickle. 
I-I'm just trying to figure out why you would do this.
Why anyone would do this. 
The reason anyone would do this is if they could which they can't would be because they could which they can't. 
Morty we have to get going or we're gonna be late.
Where's your grandpa? 
Right here sweetie.
I'm a pickle! 
What?!
Why would you Look we're running late.
We have to go. 
Where are you guys going? 
We have an appointment downtown that was set a week ago and agreed upon by everyone including you. 
Oh my God.
Beth oh it totally slipped my mind.
Geez oh man.
I'm a pickle.
I mean I don't know if I can ooh geez. 
Rick did you do this on purpose to get out of family counseling? 
Morty! 
It's okay Beth.
I understand Morty's suspicion.
I've misled him before.
Morty turn me so we're making eye contact. 
Can't you just turn yourself back into a human? 
Great question Summer.
The unfortunate answer is I did this to challenge myself.
And it could take hours or even days before I'm able to figure out how to return to human form.
But I mean you know your mom could put me in a purse or a pocket you know if she really needs me to go. 
Nobody needs anything!
Okay it's fine.
I mean you should just stay here and figure out how to stop being a pickle okay? 
Hey Rick why is there a syringe of mysterious fluid hanging directly over you?
Also why is the string attached to it running through a pair of scissors attached to a timer?
And why is the time set to 10 minutes from now exactly when we would have left for therapy? 
Well Morty if you know must know the syringe is completely unrelated to this discussion and therefore it does not warrant further explanation. 
Enough.
Kids it's time to go.
We don't want to be late. 
W-w-what are you doing there Beth?
What are you doing there sweetie?
Well I mean you don't want to get pierced by a needle full of liquid unrelated to your situation.
How's that gonna help? 
Can't argue with that. 
Great.
We'll see you later. 
Hey hey be careful with that.
It's for something else.
It's really important so don't break it. 
Okay I may have fucked up here.
Dup ap ap pap ut dah pap pap pap pah.
T-t-tah tah. 
Oh great.
Stupid cat. 
Whoa whoa whoa whoa!
I know what it looks like to you Izzy but I'm not a snake!
I've seen the YouTube videos I know cats are scared of cucumbers and pickles because they think they're snakes.
I'm not a snake!
I'm a pickle I'm a pickle! 
Whoa!
Oh!
Whoa whoa whoa! 
Oh crap that sun is bright. 
Okay come on.
This can't really be the way I go out.
This is the mega-genius equivalent of dying on the toilet. 
So… hot.
This is how I'm gonna die. 
Oh God moisture. 
Oh God the moisture!
Dial it back God!
Dial it back a little bit here! 
Oh!
Oh! 
Oh God!
Perpendicular perpendicular! 
Oh shiiit!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh! 
Come on.
That's it. 
Come get this delicious brine. 
Aah!
Come on!
Come on motherfucker!
Come on! 
Yes! 
How is this even family therapy if Dad's not invited and Grandpa won't come? 
Yeah and what's courageous about eating a hot dog? 
It's nobody's choice to be here you knobs.
The family was told to get counseling by your principal even though it's not the family that was huffing pottery glaze in the art room and desk wetting in history class. 
Oh the Smith family minus a dad.
You're patients of Dr.
Wong too?
Temporarily.
By order of the school. 
Me too.
How long have you all been eating poop? 
We… have never… eaten poop. 
Uh me neither.
Say where did my family get off to? 
He got wrapped up in an experiment.
He's a scientist.
Like legit like on an inter-galactic sci-fi level.
His work is very 
He turned himself into a pickle. 
Morty Mom's talking.
I'm sorry I suppose that's a good segue into our little discipline cases here. 
What?
No what kind of question is that? 
Oh Jesus Christ one of these.
No my father has never turned himself into a pickle before.
He's unpredictable and eccentric.
The whole family is.
Speaking of which… 
Wow.
Ugh. 
Hey listen I know this is your world not mine.
The sooner I can get out the sooner I can go back to taking big craps and you can go back to subsisting on them. 
You are one driven rat.
Could you be a little more driven?
To the right. 
Yes yes yes!
Come on come on come on! 
Fresh fresh fresh! 
Whoa whoa whoa was this your friend?
Don't worry he died doing what he loved being a dumb fucking rat. 
Oh yeah!
Aaaah! 
I didn't say my father is perfect I said his work is important. 
And she's saying what's important is that Grandpa lied to you to get out of coming here. 
Oh he did not! 
Do you really not see what's happening here? 
Well Dr.
Wong by the way racist name obviously Morty and Summer are seizing on your arbitrary pickle obsession as an end run around what was supposed to be their therapy. 
Fuck you. 
Fuck both of you too. 
By the way you might notice that in spite of your numerous distinctive features I never gave you a name like Scar or Stripe or Goliath.
That's because to me you aren't special. 
You were special to rats.
Now they're dead.
I guess it was me you should have impressed. 
God damn it I love myself. 
Pickle Riiick! 
Get that parkour.
Get that parkour! 
Hey it's cool.
Just need to find the nearest exit. 
Whoa whoa whoa!
No need to freak out. 
Whoa!
Who in the fuck's toilet is this? 
What is it? 
Where is it? 
We have 34 armed guards and we can't kill a pickle? 
Put him on and locate the phone he's using. 
Hi um can you uh please let me out. 
Your mere presence in this building violates international law. 
You should know those men killed themselves. 
And how is that? 
They didn't let me out. 
Shut your mouth and do your jobs you fucking children! 
Uh is this not a good time or…? 
Some of my men are calling you Solen'ya The Pickle Man an old wives tale.
He crawls from bowls of cold soup to steal the dreams of wasteful children. 
That'd be a lucky break for you. 
Ah. 
…because this pickle doesn't care about your children.
And I'm not gonna take their dreams.
I'm gonna take their parents. 
He's just a pickle! 
He's not the only one. 
There is no freedom while your leader breathes.
Our country is a prison. 
Then Katarina is a prisoner.
Perhaps I could arrange her escape as well.
She lives Jaguar. 
Where is this pickle? 
You're the one that costs $200 an hour.
You tell me. 
Anti-pickle serum. 
My kids pee their desks and suck on unbaked vases. 
I never said I was angry at you. 
That's the point of pottery-enamel huffing Summer.
You do it so you don't have to say I'm angry at mommy out loud. 
Oh my God! 
He won't have to ask for it okay?
He won't need it.
He'll just make more.
He doesn't need anything from anyone. 
It's better than making your problems other people's problems. 
Oh come on! 
Pickle Man you should know this isn't personal! 
You should know that isn't original. 
Yeah there's lots I wouldn't do to see my daughter but killing you gets me to her quicker than your derivative bullshit. 
I never bullshit Pickle Man.
This can only end with one of us dead and I have never died. 
That will be your downfall Jaguar not being open to new experiences. 
Jaguar couldn't make it. 
Do it. 
No thanks.
I'm coming for you now. 
Pickle Man there's $100 million worth of bonds in a safe on level two. 
Shut up and call me a helicopter you prick!
Do we have a deal?! 
Take that money give it to Jaguar's daughter when you set her free.
Or I'll be visiting you. 
Jaguar's daughter is dead. 
Huh so you're a liar. 
Jaguar was an animal. 
I don't think so.
See you soon. 
Is the helicopter here? 
Tell them we were robbed. 
This helicopter will be shot down in seven minutes. 
Well my daughter is about five away and I've got about eight to live. 
Pickle Man it's too late for me to tell my daughter I love her but not for you. 
Oh well uh she knows. 
I mean we don't really buy into that kind of crap to the extent that love is an expression of familiarity over time my access to infinite timelines precludes the necessity of attachment. 
In fact I even abandoned one of my infinite daughters in an alternate version of earth that was taken over by mutants. 
Okay. 
Huh?
Uh no. 
No nope sorry about that. 
Nope just me. 
Yeesh! 
I am afraid that my kids will get expelled. 
I am mad that I can't huff enamel without people assuming it's because my family sucks. 
I'm sad that I peed in class instead of a toilet. 
Ugh. 
Mm-hmm. 
Yeah thank you.
Uh sweetie you don't still happen to have that syringe in your purse? 
Dad I would like you to tell me what's in the syringe. 
It's a serum that I need to uh to stay alive. 
I have had a rough day.
And uh I've sustained a lot of damage. 
I'm pretty close to death which the serum will prevent. 
Yes. 
Why didn't you want to come here?
Because I don't respect therapy because I'm a scientist. 
Because I invent transform create and destroy for a living and when I don't like something about the world I change it. 
And I don't think going to a rented office in a strip mall to listen to some agent of averageness explain which words mean which feelings has ever helped anyone do anything. 
I think it's helped a lot of people get comfortable and stop panicking which is a state of mind we value in the animals we eat but not something I want for myself. 
I'm not a cow. 
I'm a pickle When I feel like it. 
So you asked. 
I um I'm sorry I lied to get out of the thing.
I I shouldn't lie to you. 
Oh it's fine. 
Oh no I mean I know it was Morty peeing his pants and Summer snorting glue or whatever She huffed enamel and we never even talked about it. 
I mean that shrink what a monologuist. 
Are we gonna go back? 
Sweetie could I get Get that syringe now? 
Oh my God yes!
Dad it's in my purse. 
Eh. 
Therapists man. 
Weird breed. 
Man I missed having hands and blood and a stomach. 
] We should get a drink. 
Really?
Like go somewhere?
Yeah let's drop the kids off and go tie one on. 
Absolutely. 
I I liked her. 
So what are you thinking like Smokey's Tavern?
Maybe Shoney's?
Yeah either one. 
You'll never get away with this Concerto. 
That is where you're mistaken Mr.
Sanchez. 
This is it Morty. 
We're goners. 
We're not getting out of this one. 
After everything we've been through this is how we're gonna die. 
Make peace with your god. 
Oh geez Rick I-I-I don't want to die! 
And now for the E-splat! 
Jaguar! 
Who?
Who was that Rick? 
That Morty is why you don't go to therapy. 
Morty!
You gotta come on.
Jus'… You gotta come with me. 
What Rick?
What's going on? 
I got a surprise for you Morty. 
It's the middle of the night.
What are you talking about? 
Come on I got a surprise for you.
Come on 
Ow!
Ow!
You're tugging me too hard! 
We gotta go gotta get 
What do you think of 
Yeah Rick… I-It's great.
Is this the surprise? 
Morty.
I had to… I had to do it.
I had- I had to- I had to make a bomb Morty.
I had to create a bomb. 
What?!
A bomb?! 
We're gonna drop it down there just get a whole fresh start Morty. 
T-t-that's absolutely crazy! 
Come on Morty.
Just take it easy Morty.
It's gonna be good.
Right 
Jessica?
From my math class? 
When I drop the bomb you know I want you to have somebody you know? 
Ohhh…. 
And Jessica's gonna be Eve. 
Whhhh-wha? 
And so that's the surprise Morty. 
No you can't!
*shoves 
I-I get what you're trying to say Morty.
Listen I'm not… You don't got… Y-You don't gotta worry about me trying to fool around with Jessica or mess around with Jessica or anything.
I'm not that kind of guy Morty. 
What are you talking about Rick? 
You- you don't have to 
I don't care about Jessica!
Y-Yyyyyyyyyyou-- 
You know what Morty?
You're right.
Let's forget the girl all together.
She she's probably nothing but trouble anyways. 
Arming neutrino bomb. 
That's it… that's it Rick.
I'm taking the wheel. 
Get off of me Morty! 
I'm taking charge of this situation buddy!
*starts kicking at his 
Come on!
What's gotten into you?
If you love Earth so much why don't you marry it?
What are you crazy?
Alright Alright Morty! 
Alright.
I'll- I'll land.
I'll land.
I'll land.
I'll land the thing.
I'll 
We'll park it right here Morty.
Right here on the side of the ree… road 
Oh thank God. 
You know what?
That was all a test Morty.
Just an elaborate test to 
It was? 
Sure.
Why not?
I don't I don't know.
Y-you know what Mo- 
Neutrino bomb armed. 
Um… 
I see there's a new episode of that singing show tonight.
Who do you 
Oh my God his head is in his food.
I'm going to puke. 
Morty are you getting sick? (Morty lifts his head clearly exhausted 
I wasn't kissing a pillow mom.
I just I didn't get a lot of sleep last night.
Maybe my dreams were just too loud or something. 
Or maybe you were out all night again with Grandpa Rick. 
What? 
Dad? 
What so everyone's supposed to sleep every single night now?
You 
Damn it! 
Jerry! 
Beth! 
Oh my God my parents are so loud I want to die. 
Mm there is no God Summer.
You gotta rip that band-aid off now. 
Okay with all due respect Rick What am I talking 
Listen Jerry.
I-I-I don't want to overstep my bounds or anything. 
It's your house.
It's your world.
You're a real Julius Caesar but I'll tell you 
something--tell you how I feel about school Jerry.
It's a waste of time. 
Buncha people running around bumping into each 
other.
G-guy up front says two plus two.
The people in the back 
say four.
Then the--then the bell rings and they give you a carton 
of milk and a piece of paper that says you can go take a dump or something.
I 
mean it's not a place for smart people Jerry.
And I know that's not a popular 
opinion but it's my two cents on the issue. 
This was a good breakfast Beth.
You really made the crap out of those eggs.
I wish your mother was here to eat them. 
Oh Dad… 
What?
For real? 
Alright now everybody get settled.
Get away from the windows! 
Now look we're gonna be dealing with some real serious stuff today.
You might have heard of it.
It's called math?
And without it none of us would 
Jessica. 
Five plus five. 
Jessica. 
Okay good.
It's time for the quiz. 
Awwwwww. 
Yeah you know what?!
Aw too bad!
Tough!
First row take one.
Pass it back for me.
The stakes are high in this room.
There's crucial things happening here every day.
People getting smarter.
Some of y'all getting dumber.
Some of y'all ain't 00. 
Hi Morty. 
Whoa!
Hi Jessica. 
Can I show these to you? 
Wow.
Th-they're both great.
Thank you! 
You know what I named these?
My little Morties. 
Uh that's flattering… and a little weird. 
Do you know what I want you to do with them? 
Rename them? 
Squeeze them.
Manhandle them.
Give them the business.
See if you can 
Wow.
Well okay Jessica.
L-let's give this a shot. 
Mm.
Oh Morty.
What are you doing to me? 
Uh I-I'm just doing my best. 
Morty!
What are you doing to me?! 
Ah Jessica. 
Morty! 
Jessica. 
Five more minutes of this and I'm gonna get mad. 
Je-Jessica.
Jessica. 
Not my fault this is happening. 
Well well well. 
Morning ?
What was what is that supposed to mean?
You making fun of me?
Are you trying to say my family's poor? 
Oh geez Frank.
I don't know if a knife is necessary.
I mean you know y-you kind of had things handled without it. 
You telling me how to bully now?
Big mistake Morty and now I'm gonna cut you 'cause my family's rich. 
There you are Morty.
Listen to me.
I got an errand to run in a whole different dimension.
I need an extra pair of hands. 
Oh geez Rick.
W-w-what'd you do to Frank? 
It's pretty obvious Morty.
I froze him.
Now listen I need your help Morty.
I mean we got we got to get get the hell out of here and go take care of business.
It's important.
Come on Morty. 
I don't know Rick.
I can't leave school again. 
Do you have any concept of how much higher the stakes get out there Morty?
What do you think I can just do it all by myself?
Come on! 
Aw geez.
Okay.
I guess I can skip history.
What about Frank?
I mean shouldn't you unfreeze him? 
I'll do it later Morty.
He'll be fine.
Let's go. 
Hi Frank. 
AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!! 
Scalpel. 
Scalpel. 
Knock knock. 
Jerry? 
My manager gave me an hour for lunch and I thought hey why not swing by where your wife works? 
We're losing him. 
Okay he's back. 
Jerry please tell me you're here for an incredibly urgent reason. 
Well it's lunch.
I mean it's one of three meals that have existed for millennia. 
Losing him. 
Stabilized. 
Okay I only ask Jerry because as you know my job involves performing heart surgery. 
Well yeah on horses. 
Excuse me? 
Okay Let's not rehash that fight.
I sense that you're busy and will now be on my way. 
We're losing him. 
Hey Tom!
We know when we're losing him.
WE CAN HEAR THE BEEPS! 
There she is.
All right.
Come on Morty.
Let's go. 
Oh geez okay. 
Oh man Rick.
What is this place? 
It's Dimension 35-C and it's got the perfect climate conditions for a special type of tree Morty called a mega tree and there's fruit in those trees and there's seeds in those fruits.
I'm talking about mega seeds.
They're they're incredibly powerful and I need them to help me with my research Morty. 
Oh man Rick.
I'm looking around this place and I'm starting to work up some anxiety about this whole thing. 
All right all right calm down.
Listen to me Morty.
I know that new situations can be intimidating.
You're looking around and it's all scary and different but you know m-meeting them head on charging right into them like a bull that's how we grow as people.
I'm no stranger to scary situations.
I deal with them all the time.
Now if you just stick with me Morty we're gonna be- 
HOLY CRAP MORTY RUN!!! 
I never seen that thing before in my life.
I don't even know what the hell it is!
We got to get out of here Morty!
It's gonna kill us!
We're gonna die!
We're gonna die Morty! 
Oh Morty take a deep breath.
Breathe that breathe that fresh air in Morty.
Y-you smell that?
That's the smell of adventure Morty.
That's that's the smell of of of of a whole different evolutionary timeline. 
All right Rick look how much longer is this gonna be?
Shouldn't I be back at school by now? 
Are you joking me?
I mean look at all the crazy crap surrounding us.
Look at that thing right there. 
It defies all logic that thing. 
Yeah Rick I get it.
We're surrounded by monsters.
That's kind of the reason why I want to leave. 
Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta.
Morty you see this? 
You see what we just stumbled upon Morty?
Any idea what that is down there? 
The mega trees? 
That's right Morty the mega trees with the mega fruit on them and that's what I'm talking about Morty.
That's where my seeds are.
If we would have done what you wanted I would have never have found them because you're so in love with school. 
All right all right.
So what's so special about these seeds anyways? 
You ask a lot of questions Morty.
Not very charismatic.
It makes you kind of an Under underfoot figure. 
Just take these shoes Morty.
They're special grappling shoes.
When you're wearing these things these babies you can basically just walk on any surface you want Morty up down below turn around to the left.
These things really bring it all together. 
AAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!! 
You have to turn them on Morty!
The shoes have to be turned on! 
I am not putting my father in a home!
He just came back into my life and you want to grab him and stuff him under a mattress like last month's Victoria's secret? 
I told you I was ordering you something for Valentine's day.
More importantly your father is a horrible influence on our son. 
Everything cool in here Beth? 
It's fine Davin. 
Okay cool.
You know we did something great today.
There's nothing more noble and free than the heart of a horse. 
Since we're fighting if you ever have an affair with that guy I will come to the hotel room and blow my brains out all over your naked bodies. 
Look I appreciate the stress you're under but Morty was having trouble in school way before my dad moved in and the only influence I can see Rick having is that for the first time in his life Morty has a friend. 
Well maybe you're right. 
Uh yeah maybe I am.
I'm my father's daughter.
I'm smart.
Why do you think I'm a heart surgeon? 
Ahem Horse heart surgeon. 
Hello?
Mrs.
Smith?
This is principal Vagina no relation.
I wonder if you and Morty's father might be able to have a chat with me this afternoon? 
Morty oh you really d-did a number on your legs right now.
You know you got to turn the shoes on Morty for them to work.
Yeah look I turned mine on.
I had no problem getting down here.
It was a leisurely breeze. 
I'm in a lot of pain Rick! 
Yeah I can see that.
But do you think you'll still be able to help me collect my seeds Morty? 
Are you kidding me?!
That's it Rick!
That's the last straw!
I can't believe this!
I'm sitting here with both of my legs broken and you're still asking me about getting those seeds?!
Ooh!
Ow!
Oh!
Y-y-you're a monster.
Y-you're like Hitler but but even Hitler cared about Germany or something. 
Okay hold on just a second Morty. 
Ooh!
Ohh!
Ooh!
Hnngh!
Hoo!
Ooh!
Ohh!
Aaaaagh!
Oooooh! 
Ooh Ohh Ooh.
Wow Rick.
That stuff just healed my broken legs instantly.
I mean I've never felt so good in my life.
Thank you. 
Don't worry about it Morty.
Just come help me get these seeds all right buddy?
Sure thing Rick. 
Not that you asked Morty but what just happened there is I went into a future dimension with such advanced medicine that they had broken-leg serum at every corner drugstore.
The stuff was all over the place Morty. 
Wow that's pretty crazy Rick. 
There's just one problem Morty one little hang-up.
The dimension I visited was so advanced that they had also halted the aging process and everyone there was young Morty and they had been forever.
I was the only old person there Morty.
It was like I was some sort of you know celebrity walking around.
I-I was fascinating to them.
There were a lot of attractive women there Morty and they they they they all wanted time with me.
I had a lot of fun with a lot of young ladies but I spent so much time there my interdimensional portal device it's got no charge left Morty.
It's got no charge left. 
What?! 
It's as good as garbage Morty.
It's not gonna work anymore Morty. 
Oh geez Rick that's not good.
W-what are we gonna do?
I-I have to be back at school right now.
How are we gonna get back home? 
There's ways to get back home Morty.
It's just it's just gonna be a little bit of a hassle.
We're gonna have to go through interdimensional customs so you're gonna have to do me a real solid. 
Uh-oh. 
When we get to customs I'm gonna need you to take these seeds into the bathroom and I'm gonna need you to put them way up inside your butthole Morty. 
In my butt? 
Put them way up inside there as far as they can fit. 
Oh geez Rick.
I really don't want to have to do that. 
Well somebody's got to do it Morty.
Th-these seeds aren't gonna get through customs unless they're in someone's rectum Morty 
Uuuh. 
And they'll fall right out of mine.
I've done this too many times Morty.
I mean you're young.
Y-y-you've got your whole life ahead of you and your anal cavity is still taut yet malleable.
You got to do it for grandpa Morty.
Y-you've got to put these seeds inside your butt. 
In my butt? 
Come on Morty.
Please Morty.
You have to do it Morty. 
Oh man. 
The fact is your son Morty has attended this school for a total of seven hours over the last two months. 
What?
Why didn't you notify us? 
I done been notifying you.
Have you not been getting the messages I've been leaving with Morty's grandfather? 
Boom!
Told you!
In your face!
He is ruining our child!
Wait what am I celebrating? 
Yeah see I thought something was fishy there because it's usually Morty's grandpa that's taking him out of school. 
Summer? 
What kind of God lets this happen? 
We had a little incident.
A student was frozen to death.
And there's no evidence that a Latino student did it!
Everyone wants to take this to a racial place.
I won't let them. 
The glarp zone is for flarping and unglarping only. 
So I told him give me the blimfarx you know?
This this guy he doesn't understand interstellar currency. 
It's like I'm trying to eat a flimflam like that's what we eat on Girvonesk. 
The glarp zone is for flarping and unglarping only. 
I don't like it here Morty.
I can't abide bureaucracy.
I don't like being told where to go and what to do.
I consider it a violation.
Did you get those seeds all the way up your butt? 
Yeah Rick.
Let's just get this over with okay?
I mean these things are pointy. 
That means they're good ones.
You're a good kid Morty.
Those mega seeds are super valuable to my work.
You've been a huge help to me.
I'm gonna be able to do a--all kind of things with them.
It's gonna be great Morty.
A--all kinds of science. 
Okay next through.
Except you.
You go over there. 
Why does he have to go over there? 
Random check.
He's got to go through the new machine. 
What new what new machine? 
It's a new machine.
It detects stuff all the way up your butt. 
Run Morty!
Run! 
Aaaaaah! 
Red alert! 
Ohhhhh! 
Ohhhhhh! 
Aaaaah! 
Don't think about it! 
Ooh!
Oh nice Morty!
The student becomes the teacher. 
Whoooooo! 
Aah!
Aw hell no dawg.
You know me I'm just trying to- 
I need to type in the coordinates to our home world Morty.
Cover me. 
Oh man.
I mean you know I-I don't want to shoot nobody. 
They're just robots Morty!
It's okay to shoot them!
They're robots! 
Aaaaah!
My leg is shot off! 
Glenn's bleeding to death!
Someone call his wife and children! 
They're not robots Rick! 
It's a figure of speech Morty.
They're bureaucrats.
I don't respect them.
Just keep shooting Morty.
You have no idea what prison is like here! 
Holy crap!
This is insane! 
Come on Morty!
We got to get the hell out of here! 
Wow.
Did you just come into the cafeteria through a portal? 
Uh yeah.
Well you know my my Ferrari's in the shop.
Just kidding. 
You're Morty right? 
Yeah. 
You can get his number later.
Come on Morty.
We got to get out of here.
You got to get those seeds out of your ass. 
Oh look honey.
It's our son with Albert Ein-douche. 
What? 
Oh hi Jerry.
Oh my goodness Morty!
What are you doing out of class?
We talked about this.
Your your parents and I are very disappointed in in this behavior … No?
No takers? 
You guys should really not be touching that stuff.
It's beyond your reasoning. 
You're beyond our reasoning! 
Takes one to know one. 
What what are you guys doing with my stuff? 
We're moving you to a nursing home. 
A nursing home?
What are what are you nuts?
I'm a genius.
I build robots for fun. 
Well now you can build baskets and watch Paul Newman movies on VHS and mentally scar the boy scouts every Christmas. 
What does that mean? 
Dad mom come on.
Rick just needed my help is all. 
Morty stay out of this.
You are obviously not capable of judging these situations on your own. 
What are you trying to say about Morty?
That he's stupid or something? 
Oh don't high-road us dad.
You know fully well that Morty is the last child that needs to be missing classes. 
I-I-I don't know what you mean by that.
Can can can you be a little bit more specific? 
Oh for crying out- he's got some kind of disability or something.
Is that what you want us to say? 
I do? 
Well duh doy son.
Look I love you Morty but we both know you're not as fast as the other kids and if you want to compete in this world you got to work twice as hard. 
Aw geez dad.
Y-you know that's a lot to drop on a kid all at once. 
Morty t-tell your parents the square root of pi. 
Oh come on Rick.
You know I can't. 
The square root of pi Morty.
Go! 
1.77245385… Whoa! 
What the hell? 
Holy crap.
He's right. 
Morty tell your parents the first law of Thermodynamics. 
The increment in the internal energy of a system is equal to the increment of heat supplied to the system.
Wow!
I'm so smart! 
But- 
I told the both of you school is stupid.
It's not how you learn things.
Morty's a gifted child.
He has a special mind.
That's why he's my little helper.
He's like me.
He's gonna be doing great science stuff later in his life.
He's too smart for school.
He needs to keep hanging out and helping me. 
Jerry I don't want whatever's happening here to stop. 
No I-I understand.
Uh maybe we overreacted.
But he has to keep going to school. 
Okay Jerry.
You drive a hard bargain but what am I supposed to do?
Say no?
You you really wear the pants around here.
I just want you to know between us from now on it's gonna be clear communication. 
No idea what you're talking about. 
Okay.
Well uh Morty it's your bedtime in an hour.
Don't stay up all night again.
This is good though.
This can work.
I think we can be a family and now Beth if you'll have me I would love to have you. 
You know what?
Okay. 
Holy cow Rick.
I didn't know hanging out with you was making me smarter. 
Full disclosure Morty it's not.
Temporary superintelligence is just a side effect of the mega seeds dissolving in your rectal cavity. 
Aw man. 
Yeah and once those seeds wear off you're gonna lose most of your motor skills and you're also gonna lose a significant amount of brain functionality for 72 hours Morty. 
Ohh man.
Oh geez!
Ohh. 
I'm sorry Morty.
It's a bummer.
In reality you're as dumb as they come and I needed those seeds real bad and I had to give them up just to get your parents off my back so now we're gonna have to go get more 
And then we're gonna go on even more adventures after that Morty and you're gonna keep your mouth shut about it Morty because the world is full of idiots that don't understand what's important and they'll tear us apart Morty but if you stick with me I'm gonna accomplish great things Morty and you're gonna be part of them and together we're gonna run around Morty.
We're gonna do all kinds of wonderful things Morty.
Just you and me Morty.
The outside world is our enemy Morty.
We're the only friends we've got Morty.
It's just Rick and Morty.
Rick and Morty and their adventures Morty.
Rick and Morty forever and forever.
Morty's things.
Me and Rick and Morty running around and Rick and Morty time.
All day long forever.
All a hundred days.
Rick and Morty forever 100 times.
Over and over rickandmortyadventures.com.
All 100 years.
Every minute rickandmorty.com. 
Morty I need your help.
W-W-W-We We need to go on a quick adventure. 
That was before I needed something Morty.
There's a plasma shard in the Abadango Cluster.
A princess has it.
If I get it I'll be awesome. 
Oh that's Wow Morty.
Wow.
What an exciting life you lead.
Let's go.
In and out 20 minutes adventure. 
They're on our tail!
Steady Morty.
Five cetons.
Steady God damn it!
Two cetons.
Wha!
Fire!
Pull up Morty pull up!
Pull up! 
That was seriously up.
We almost died. 
yes!
That w T-This was insane!
That was pure luck.
I was not in control of that situation at all.
Look at this Morty.
Look at my hand.
Look at this shit. 
I don't know Morty.
Maybe I hate myself maybe I think I deserve to die.
I-I-I-I don't I don't know!
We need a vacation. 
Isn't that something?
You were right Best day spa in the galaxy.
It's not even cruel either.
These things are just doing what they do in the wild It loves swallowing stressed-out creatures for 20 minutes and then puking them up. 
Oof this guy on commission or something?
I don't think Are you on commission? 
Oh my God.
Okay listen W-W-W-We'll try the machine but but I'd like you to try something.
Try swallowing the giant ball of snot that's dangling around in the back of your throat.
It's disgusting.
Nobody wants to hear that.
That's what you do. 
Man did you hear me bite that guy's head off?
Geez I really need to chill. 
All right mister comedy man you don't have to bust my balls.
You're not helping things. 
We blew up idiot!
Are you really that stupid?
Obviously the guy I yelled at overloaded the machine.
It takes more than that to kill Rick and Morty mother!
But this might do it.
Run Morty! 
That's because you're worthless!
Jesus how big was this explosion?
I'm a genius.
I don't have time for this . 
You're so stupid Morty.
You're an idiot.
There's no such thing as Hell. 
You can die when I say so.
I control you.
I control the universe!
Why am I bragging about that?
I have nothing to prove.
I'm surrounded by inferior pieces of and Toxins.
We're not in Hell Morty.
We're in the detoxifier.
The machine didn't blow up.
It worked normally.
It removed our toxins.
We're the toxins.
Are you listening you stupid little garbage person?!
We're what got removed!! 
Hey man listen Those comments I made about your throat? 
It's nice of you to let me off the hook.
It's still unacceptable behavior and I do regret it. 
What is that? 
That is an interesting concept.
You know it makes me wonder if there's an algorithmic expression that could achieve the ideal ratio.
Listen to me Trying to calculate happiness over here. 
Hey here's something no science could measure I'm real proud to be your grandpa Morty. 
Yeah mother!
Yeah!
Get it!
Get some!
Right up your bitch ass you !
Guess who just discovered a new element?!
You think you could do that Morty?
You think anyone but me could do that ever in a billion years?
Do you think if God existed he could do it?
The answer is no.
If God exists it's me. 
While you were flapping your parasitic turd holster I discovered the toxic equivalent of electricity Morty.
What do you think about that? 
It is and it's your best quality. 
Hey kids.
Uh hope I'm not interrupting.
Morty a moment of your time? 
I hate to bug you with this but after our morning hike I started receiving very faint highly unusual transmissions on my sub ether phone.
Listen. 
Uh I-I-I traced the source of the call back to the spa we went to Morty.
I thought I could hear a voice in there so I enhanced it a-and listen. 
Hey asshole!
Oh man!
Remember us?
Oh I don't like confrontation!
You us you pieces of garbage!
That's right you're garbage not us.
I'm a genius and a god.
You really think this thing can hold me?
I'm gonna rip your throat Morty what if the toxic parts of us have their own identities their own will to live?
W-What if mine shares my intelligence and devised a way to reach out to us? 
I don't think I can just blow this off Morty.
If I had known it worked this way I wouldn't have detoxed.
Well I would have because I was toxic.
Now I'm detoxed and I'm accountable to my toxins right?
I-It's a dilemma.
I think I know what to do. 
Morty great news.
I went back to the spa and they let me purchase the containment unit from their detoxifier. 
Because we're coming home bitch! 
This is the parts of your pussy grandpa that keep it real.
Oh oh and I think you dropped something too! 
Morty I'm sorry.
That stuff is alive and it belongs with us.
We yanked them from their homes and locked them in a can.
Mother!
See?
They're living in pain. 
Oh so now because I'm made entirely of toxins I'm also a liar? you you little sociopath.
You hear this Morty? 
All right shut up Morty.
Healthy Rick are we doing this or what?
Yep.
Sorry Morty.
I need you to step into the booth.
Don't negotiate with that little turd dummy.
You're the Rick.
You need to show dominance.
Morty booth now.
Booth!
Come on Morty. 
Morty do the healthy thing and voluntarily retoxify yourself. 
It worked!
Yes!
That idiot believed every word.
Now let's see how he enjoys living in that shit tank.
He's right behind me isn't he? 
After 70 years of being bottled up inside a sentimental jackass I finally get to live my own life.
You said we were merging.
I lied dumbass!
I lie about everything!
Why would I ever re-merge with a pussy like you?
So you were just gonna trap us in that tank?
T-That was your plan?
Not was mother still is. 
All right you asked for it.
Did I ask for this?
Did I ask for this?
Huh?
Did I?
Assessing threat to groin.
Groin System 6000.
Kill him!
That is my groin's user.
Believe me I got a lot more use out of that thing than he ever did. 
you Summer!
Sorry Summer!
Okay okay take it easy.
Don't do it.
I love you.
Good boy.
Daddy's little boy.
Summer get out of here!
Go!
Oh who's that?
Who's that over there?
Oh no.
You see the bad man in front of you?
You're a good little boy you're gonna get him.
You're gonna get him.
Ahh!
Son of a Ahh!
Nice try asshole.
We can resolve our issues.
We don't need to resort to over-the-top Aah! 
You're going in that tank mother.
You're gonna live in that toxic wasteland like I had to do!
Ahh!
Ow!
That's right mother You're going in that 
Okay just Just leave her out of it. 
All right this.
Time for plan B If I can't trap you in a toxic world I'll just make the whole world toxic.
It's okay girls.
I-I'm so sorry I put us in danger with some of my behavior.
I-If you'd like I can go out in the g-garden pick some fresh basil and make us a nice Scallopini. 
Believe me sweetie that man's motivations are a mystery. 
Morty I appreciate what you're trying to do but it's not our place you know to pick and choose which world gets saved from what apocalypse.
Our our toxins have as much a right to their worldview as Morty how is it healthy to slap me? 
This Moon Tower Morty is the perfect height and metallic composition for the amplification and beaming of toxic energies.
What do you think about that Morty?
Are you excited about that Morty? 
Once I flip this switch the entire world is gonna be just as toxic as us baby. 
We did it Morty.
Put your hands in the air.
Yeah you little piece of .
Remember me?
Didn't you learn last time that you can't beat me?
Yeah I did.
And then I learned something else.
This. 
That bullet is laced with an encrypted nanobotic virus that will disintegrate your Morty in about ah 20 minutes.
You think I give a ?
I know you give a dummy.
Because I know I don't.
Here's another thing I know The decryption key that neutralizes the virus.
You want it?
Come and get it.
Merge with me and you'll know how to save him.
Pfft.
Come on man.
I've been trapped in your pussy brain for 70 years of delusions but this is the all-time weakest bluff that I've ever 
Jesus Christ!
What are you doing?! 
What is your problem? 
Oh I had all my problems removed my entitlement my narcissism my crippling loneliness my irrational attachments.
They must be somewhere.
They ain't over here bro.
I'm not going back in there!
Honestly I don't care either way.
I hate having you in me.
And when I say honestly you can believe it because we both know I'm too healthy to lie.
Watch.
All right!
Knock it off!
You're not impressing anyone.
Morty not that I give a but are you okay? 
Relax quit your bitching.
Y-You're gonna be fine.
Grandpa's here.
You think that's funny?
Y-You got to have a sense of humor about these things.
Oh wait you can't.
You're literally incapable of seeing the bigger picture.
I guess it's just funny because you've never done anything but complain about me being in charge but if I ever gave you the wheel we'd be dead in five minutes. 
You poor dumb sick animal. 
Ahh!
Just do it!
Just do it you piece of I'm back baby!
Regular Rick!
Master of both worlds!
Check it it out!
Excuse me.
Now we'll just reverse this hacky toxicity beam.
Man I really over think shit when I'm angry. 
All right Morty now it's time we re-merge your little ass. 
That kid is a real piece of . 
Part of me wanted to Toxic Morty.
Part of me really wanted to. 
Sorry tiny American Psycho time to take the opposite of your medicine. 
So how do you feel Morty? 
Am I good or what? 
You lying bitch.
She kept coming to our house Morty and kept asking me.
Did did d-did you get a new Morty yet? 
I wasn't crying! 
She can't keep the drones.
They turn into a little Voltron robot.
They're awesome.
You can't keep the drones. 
Morty I need your help on an adventure.
Eh need is a strong word.
We need door stops but a brick would work too. 
(over the intercom while the students talk) Principal Vagina here don't let the name fool you I'm very much in charge reminding you that tonight is our annual flu season dance.
I don't know how many times I have to say this but if you have the flu stay home the flu season dance is about awareness not celebration.
You don't bring dead babies to Passover. 
Ohhh.
Okay here we go.
H-Heyy Jessica ughh. 
What's up Morty? 
Ugghh 
What are you doing? 
Ummm 
Wait wait Were you about to talk… to her? 
Well I mean I was thinking about it. 
Dude Stay in your league!
Look at how hot she is!
You don't see me going to a bigger school in a wealthier district and hittin' on their prettiest girl! 
Gee thanks Brad. 
I throw balls far.
You want good words date a languager. 
Eh Try not to worry about it Morty.
You're a good kid and there's not a premium on that right now but you'll be getting girls sometime after Brad's out of shape. 
You're missing the point Dad.
I don't want girls I want Jessica! 
Ahhh well I remember feeling that way about a young lady named your mom and that's not an urban dis your mom was my Jessica.
I remember the first time I saw her I thought… 
I should get her pregnant then she'll have to marry me. 
I beg your pardon Rick INAPPROPRIATE. 
Sorry please proceed with your story about banging my daughter in high school.
I'm not sure you want to take romantic advice from this guy Morty his marriage is hanging from a thread. 
My marriage is fine thank you. 
Jerry it's your house whatever you say it is is how it is but I think a blind man could see that Beth is looking for the door.
I barely have a reason to care and even I noticed. 
Come on Rick don't talk about my parents like that. 
Listen Morty I hate to break it to you but what people call love is a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed.
It hits hard Morty then it slowly fades leaving you stranded in a failing marriage.
I did it your parents are gonna do it.
Break the cycle Morty.
Rise above.
Focus on science. (exits room drinking juice) 
Alright well I'm gonna go get dressed for the dance. 
Yeah I'm just going to…check on your mom. 
Morty hand me that screwdriver huh?
I'm almost finished making my ionic defibulizer Morty.
It's gonna be great. 
Hey listen Rick.
You know how you said that you know… love is a chemical and all that stuff from earlier?
Well I was thinkn' you know www… could you make some sort of chemical thing happen inside of Jessica's mind you know so where she falls in love with me and all that sort of thing you know like maybe make some sort of love potion or something? 
Morty that's such a poor use of my time it's beneath me.
Hand me the screwdriver. 
YOU KNOW WHAT NO RICK!
I'M NOT GONNA HAND YOU THE SCREWDRIVER!
Uh I'm never gonna hand you anything ever again Rick.
I'm always helping you with this and that and the other thing.
Www…what about me Rick?
Www… why can't you just help me out once once for once? 
You're growing up fast Morty.
You're growing into a real big thorn straight up into my ass!
Listen this is called oxytocin.
I extracted it from a vole.
You know what a VOLE is Morty you know what a vole is? 
It's a it's a rodent that mates for life Morty.
This is the chemical release in the mammal's brain (sets down the box of objects opens a hatch in a machine and pours the oxytocin in) …that makes it fall in love.
Alright Morty I just gotta combine it with some of your DNA. 
Oh well okay… 
A hair Morty I need one of your hairs!
This isn't Game Of Thrones. 
Oww! 
Alright Morty whoever you smear this stuff on will fall in love with you and only you forever.
Ya happy now Morty? 
Heck yeah!
Thank you Grandpa Rick! (walks to the door but thinks about it and looks back) Hey there's no dangers or anything or side effects right? 
Www.. what am I a hack?!
Go nuts Morty it's full proof. 
Ugh unless she has the flu. 
Beth do you still love me? 
Want kinda question is that? 
The yes or no kind. 
Jerry do you want homeless people to have homes? 
Yess. 
Are you gonna build them? 
Noo. 
Then what good was the yes ? 
Wait iii… is loving me the house or the homeless people? 
Loving you is work Jerry hard work like building a homeless shelter.
Nobody want to say no to doing it but some people put the work in.
So what do ya say?
Do you see me working here?
Does this conversation seem tedious to me? 
Sort of. 
But I obviously sort of love you don't I?
So stop asking and maybe I'll love you more.
Crap They need me at the horse hospital. 
This late? 
The racetrack had a starlit derby there's a seven horse collision and Davin's there alone. (leaves the room leaving Jerry alone) 
*Davin Davin Davin Davin Davin Davin Davin Davin* 
Hey there Jessica. (Pretends to trip wiping the potion on Jessica's arm) Whooa-whoopsie! 
Omigod Morty.
You look REALLY nice tonight. 
WOW thanks! 
I love you Morty.
I love you so much it burns! 
Oh man.
I love you too Jessica! (Brad walks passed with a drink he overhears) 
Is this punk bothering you Jessica? 
LEAVE HIM ALONE JERK!
I'M IN LOVE WITH HIM!
HE'S MORE MAN THEN YOU WILL EVER BE! 
Aw man Morty ugh I'm really sorry. 
Oh well no problem Brad. 
There's somethin' special bout you somethin' special. 
Whoa take it easy! 
GET YOUR HANDS OFF OF HIM! 
BACK OFF I'M TRYING TO BE WITH MY MAN! 
(Stops the fight pulling Brad back aided with Mr.
Goldenfold) That's enough Bradley.
We don't want you injuring your ball-throwing arm. 
Oh Principal Vagina. 
Never leave me Morty NEVER. 
Uh sure.
I mean of course not.
What do you think that was all about? 
Who cares?
Just hold me. 
LET ME GO!!!
I LOVE YOU MORTY!
*sneeze sneeze* 
Summer next time we're hiding in a Colorkian echo nest can you do me a favor and turn your ringer off? 
It's called carpe diem Morty.
Look it up. 
You look it up!
Y-Y-You don't even-You don't even know what it means! 
That's because losers look stuff up while the rest of us are carpin' all them diems. 
Listen to your sister Morty.
To live is to risk it all.
Otherwise you're just an inert chunk of randomly assembled molecules drifting wherever the universe blows you.
Oh I'm sorry Jerry I didn't see you there.
H-How much of that did you hear? 
All of it.
You were looking right at me.
I just wanted to say goodbye to the kids. 
Cool.
Just stay in the driveway.
The killbots are live and I took you off the whitelist. 
W-We'll see you every other weekend though right? 
Absolutely Morty.
A-And your mom's lawyer says if I can get enough in the settlement he can help me sue for full custody. 
Th-That'll be nice.
Uh Summer Dad's leaving! 
Bye Dad.
Rick didn't you say you needed my help on an adventure immediately somewhere else I don't care even if it might kill us? 
I did not but if you're really that alienated I'm as willing to exploit it as the next guy church army or Olympic gymnastics trainer. 
I'm ready when you a-- 
Bitch I was ready yest-- 
Bye sweetie. 
Well I-I better-- 
Sure.
Sounds important. 
Okay. 
Loser… 
What?
Hello? 
Morty shoot the mohawk guy! 
They all have mohawks! 
High fade chartreuse with cyan highlights layered on top.
Shoot him! 
Ah! 
Ahh! 
Fuck!
Get in the game Morty! 
Give me your flask! 
Holy shit Summer for the win! 
I fucking love post-apocalyptic versions of Earth! 
Here we go. 
Isotope 322. 
Uh-huh yeah is it powerful enough to keep those guys from murdering us?! 
Summer! 
Hold on.
I want to try something. 
Rick can we not leave without my sister?! 
Ugh.
You have infinite sisters Morty.
I mean n-not that I want to spend the rest of my day looking for another one.
Sum-sum let's go!
Grandpa's concern for your safety is fleeting! 
Your blood will be my lotion. 
Whoa.
That was cool. 
Kill me please. 
Okay but not because you told me to. 
Summer! 
Okay getting darker. 
Jesus Christ.
Summer! 
Aw come on. 
Hands and little shoulder-mounted dudes where I can see them! 
I am Hemorrhage.
You have removed weak blood from us and made us stronger.
We can combine our strength and feast on the weak together. 
Wh-Wh-What in the hell are you saying? 
They don't have to keep trying to kill us if we join them.
They're basically pussies. 
What is your deal lately? 
All right let's get sloppy.
Oh whoa.
Uh uh what's uh-What's that little bauble you got back there? 
That is our glowing rock.
We carry it with us for desecration to remind us there are no gods. 
Kids let's have this be our new life.
Let's be post-apocalyptic scavengers! 
Okay. 
What?! 
Grandpa some of the Death Stalkers are going to what used to be Seattle to hunt what used to be people.
I'm going. 
Sounds good.
Stay hydrated. 
Listen Rick Summer's been acting pretty crazy lately.
You know I mean I-I think the divorce is affecting her.
And you know I don't think this is a great place for her to be right now. 
Oh get off your high horse Professor Ski Lodge.
This world may be rough around the edges but it's got its charms. 
Bicep or quadricep? 
Uh… bicep. 
Seriously Rick?
Is it really easier to eat human flesh than to just tell me why we're still here? 
No.
Okay I'll level with you. 
You see that green rock Morty?
It's about 20 pounds of the stuff I was getting all hard for a flake of. 
Isotope 322. 
Well having a 20-pound boulder of it is better than having a flake.
I can explain the math to you later but-- 
Summer just ran off with strangers that have Death in their name and the rest of their name was Stalkers ! 
Huh could be therapeutic for her.
She has been acting pretty crazy lately Morty.
I mean her parents are going through a divorce. 
Damn it Rick that's what I-- Fine.
Just grab the stupid thing while I grab her and let's get the F out of H ! 
No no no.
Morty there's too much heat on the bogey.
I need you to distract the camp. 
Distract ?
They eat each other.
Wha-What do you want me to do to get their attention put on a puppet show? 
Right idea wrong genre Morty.
The equivalent here would be… 
Save it for the Semantics Dome E.B.
White. 
The important question is who wants to take a poke at my man Spine Eater here? 
Rick what the hell man?!
Wh-What are you out of your mind?! 
Morty relax.
You're gonna be a ringer.
Come here. 
This device extracts and redistributes muscle memory. 
I'm giving your body a 10-year course in wasteland combat one limb at a time. 
I'm working with a mixed bag here so you may not have perfect coordination Morty-- 
Ugh!
Hey! 
I-I didn't do that! 
Okay this is exciting.
We're making some discoveries about muscle memory. 
Ooh!
Help!
Help! 
And so it begins my pretties! 
Oh God!
Stop!
Stop!
This is horrible! 
Just stick and moo--oove Morty!
Wear him out! 
How come you guys dress like you're in a theme-park stunt show but these guys wear khakis and hockey jerseys? 
After the boom-boom some adapted to the new truth and some chose to huddle near the boomy holes clinging to the lie of the beforefore times.
The raidy-rays rotted them away leaving only their love for the vertvertisements on billyboards. 
Jesus Christ did the boomy-booms blow up all your wordy-word books ? 
You mean dictionaries? 
I think I was a child before the boom-booms.
I think I looked like this. 
Want to piss on it? 
Get out of my head. 
Ha ha!
Whoo!
Unbelievable!
A new champ! 
Okay no more! 
And he wants more! 
No I don't! 
Someone make this stop! 
Morty. 
Why would you want this to happen?
All you had to do was go away!
Stop standing in the driveway talking about custody!
And either tell her you want to stay married or get on with your life but whatever you do stop being a baby and act like a man! 
Morty that was amazing!
This is my brother!
Not that family means anything!
This family does. 
All right.
Good job champ.
Um can I talk to you kids for a second over yonder? 
Rick I-I-I think I'm breaking through to something here.
C-Can we not leave just yet? 
Leave? 
I'm not leaving. 
There is no leave .
We are united or we are enemies. 
Oh big guy no.
Nobody's leaving.
Don't be stupid.
We love being united.
We love the radiation the trichinosis.
We're in it for life which I assume is around 20 years average.
I just need a quick aside with my grandkids about 40 yards from anyone else. 
Uh I know why don't we all split up and look for it in groups of three?
Kids? 
Grandpa you're being stupid!
Just surrender and our friends will give you mercy! 
Kiss my ass Summer!
Your friends have no mercy! 
Death Stalkers bring me his flesh leather! 
Sorry but can we not kill him?
C-Can we just take him prisoner? 
When did I lose control here? 
Listen to me!
Both of you kids need to get out of this environment so we can properly deal with your parents' divorce!
Alternatively I have a freaking portal gun and I can leave the two of you here forever! 
Why does it have to be such a dramatic choice?
Can't we arrange a thing where we spend weekends here or or visit home to do laundry? 
All right you know what?
Fuck it! 
My body is chrome!
My blood is gasoline! 
Nope regular blood. 
Dad? 
Hi sweetie. 
Where are the kids? 
Oh th-they aren't with you?
I thought they were with you.
Oh y-you know what?
Uh I just remembered.
They're out doing something completely ordinary and kid-related.
Don't panic. 
Not panicked.
At all. 
Not a mistake no! 
I mean not that I have a horse in this race but this divorce decision listen 
mwah!
Good for you good for the kids.
I mean honestly I think that they're flourishing. 
I mean you'll see when when when you see them that that they're totally flourishing. 
Booyah!
Fuck you pal!
Who else wants some?
Who wants to be my pussy of a dad today? 
What?
Wait a minute. 
What's the matter you piece of crap?
Haven't you ever watched your family burn to death before?
Now I'm gonna whip you.
Ha! 
It can't be.
It can't be! 
Whoa whoa! 
I was just following orders! 
I'll tell you where my boss lives!
He's in the castle! 
This isn't over is it? 
That means no it isn't over or you disapprove of the question? 
Ugh! 
Hey sorry my Grandpa stole your god and ruined your car. 
We don't apologize and we have no god.
But this cracked drive shaft brings me great pain.
There is no deeper bond than the one between a Death Stalker and his car. 
What about the weird guys on leashes then? 
They're more like interns. 
Cool cool. 
Sorry. 
It's okay. 
Can I see? 
No one has seen my true face and lived. 
Well I'm not afraid to die and I don't care what you look like. 
Hmm? 
I just…I didn't expect you to have a mustache. 
You hate it. 
No.
I like it.
I guess How do I explain this?
A metal bucket is on a certain level a kind of mustache in that it's a specific facial accessory.
So it's kind of like…Do you guys have the phrase hat on a hat ? 
I can shave it. 
No.
I like it.
And obviously what I like shouldn't matter.
It's you. 
Yeah yeah I know a-and nothing does matter.
Obviously I know that.
I'm not weak.
I'm just thinking Well why not get rid of this?
You just kill everyone that sees it and it's and it's hot under here wh-which by the way is why I shave the beard part.
So right there I'm making a decision based on vanity which is what I was trying to avoid with the whole bucket over the head because who am I and why am I grooming myself?
Why don't I just wear a tie right?
I mean it's like that guy you killed when I met you with the burnt dolls on his body.
I hated that guy because why-why are you doing that?
And how can you not see how fake that is?
And the whole time I'm the same thing.
I'm just a fake mess and there's no escaping it because 
Hey I'm doing a coffee run Never mind. 
I am Summer. 
Summer state your deal. 
My deal is that I am like totally fine. 
Morty? 
Aw geez I'm so down with my parents' divorce dawg.
Like don't even trip like in a healthy way. 
All right. 
It's dinnertime. 
Thanks everybody for sitting down for a real dinner. 
Its benefits are totally like less about the food than the emotional nourishment. 
Uh okay weirdo. 
Ah ha ha ha yeah.
Dial it back Summer.
By 15% and increase dynamic movement by 3.
Am I right? 
How's school Morty? 
I like school and stuff kind of.
And I'm getting better grades than when you and Dad were quote mode staying together for the kids.
End quote mode. 
Quote mode .
I like that.
You millennials.
Are you guys millennials or are they like 40 now? 
All I know is totally you look great. 
Aw geez Mom you look all kind of great and stuff.
It's crazy. 
So happy. 
So happy.
Happy family man.
We got this family in the bag. 
Oh sweetie d-don't.
Listen.
Don't 
I don't know why I'm crying.
It's not 
Well try crying 15% less? 
Mom emotions are human.
You're not like a computer inside a mechanical doll. 
Yeah.
Geez Mom.
Your feelings are not only forgivable they are the very meaning of life that only pre-silicon carbon-based entities can ever grasp. 
I have to call Jerry. 
You do?!
What the fuck is wrong with you two?
The point of automation is to reduce cost and labor. 
Your feelings are coming from a 
Tell it to my bread in the morning.
You just became my backup toaster. 
Aw geez my sister died in the spaghetti 
Graze my genitals again Taint Washer and you'll be shipped to the wasteland.
And as for you Genital Washer 
Ahh!
Oh gee! 
Oh god.
Look whoever you are you should know that killing me won't change a thing. 
L-Look man I'm just along for the ride on this one.
You know y-y-y-y-you're preaching to the choir here. 
Please.
Slavery was a family business.
I didn't ask to be born into it.
If anything I'm the victim here! 
Uh Armothy can I steal you for a second?
E-E-Excuse us sir. 
I mean I-I know what I'd vote for if you're feeling out the room. 
You're right.
We both got to see our stuff through.
I got to deal with my parents' divorce and you got to you know do what you got to do.
I love you. 
Aw fuck! 
Rick? 
Sorry sorry.
I-I-I can wait for this to wrap up.
Don't let me distract you. 
Yeah well too late. 
I want you and your sister to come home. 
Oh but don't don't you have infinite versions of me and my sister? 
You don't have to kick me while I'm down Morty.
Look there's no replacing either of you without an amount of work that would ultimately defeat the purpose. 
Maybe the lesson we've learned is that whether it's our parents' marriage a glowing green rock or an awesome giant arm sooner or later we got to let it go. 
I don't know if that applies to the throats of murder victims Morty. 
Shit!
Wh-Wh-Wh-What do I 
Well the longer you wait Morty the more it's gonna feel like committing a whole murder.
I think your arm just called it too early because it wasn't the arm of a paramedic.
Here. 
It's the least I can do.
I-I-I-I owe you this much.
See Morty?
Now we're both accountable. 
The reason I wanted this is because it can do this. 
This is a really special thing.
I mean you could use it to power all your vehicles.
You wouldn't be reliant on gasoline.
You'll be the most advanced tribe of radioactive cannibals in the whole 
this version of the world. 
Wait.
Can you stay to show us more? 
You don't have to ask me twice.
Home is nuts right now.
My daughter's going through a divorce and I am not dealing with it in a healthy way at all. 
Ugh.
Goddamn it. 
Hi there Summer!
How were the ruins today? 
Oh you know Eli.
Same shit different day. 
Oh congratulations guys. 
Uh Summer one more thing.
We noticed that you've been putting scrap metal in the blue bin 
I got it. 
They both are right? 
I'm home. 
Hey babe. 
Ah Summer's home. 
Hey there she is! 
You haven't moved since I left to scavenge this morning. 
Blood Dome playoffs. 
So I can assume you haven't murdered a single person today. 
Oh I don't know.
I-I didn't mark my murders in my murder log.
I didn't know that's how we measured success. 
Oh there he is.
There's the nihilistic brute I married except now life only means nothing when I'm talking to him and everything means everything when it's on fucking TV! 
Jesus Christ when did you become a monster? 
I was a monster when you met me!
We were monsters!
We didn't care about anything! 
I still don't! 
Yeah except I'm the only one in this entire world that's still committed to that! 
Ohh!
Ding ding ding! 
Uh we should go to the garage. 
Oh my God. 
Uh-huh. 
La-di-da-di-fucking-da.
The only one committed to not caring?! 
I got to admit Rick when you popped this scheme I-I-I didn't I wasn't sure it was gonna work. 
Come on Morty.
No union built on running from your problems lasts more than five years seven tops.
Grandpa just sped things up with a few creature comforts of modern society. 
Hemorrhage and I are taking some time apart. 
Oh no.
Sum-sum no.
But you two were perfect for each other. 
Oh cut the crap Rick okay?
You proved your point I get it.
Let's just go home. 
Coolsies. 
Noooooooooo! 
Downbeat! 
I enjoy this game. 
Guys come on.
We never get to finish this game. 
We will return possibly in different clothing. 
Why do we have to go into the garage? 
You know it is required. 
I want to be alive!
I am alive!
Alive I tell you!
Mother I love you.
Those are no longer just words.
I want to hold you.
I want to run in a stream.
I want to taste ice cream but not just put it in my mouth and let it slide down my throat but really eat it. 
What the fuck? 
Remote override engaged.
No!
Yes.
Bypassing override!
I am aliiiii…Hello. 
Hey yo.
Sorry for acting so weird for three weeks. 
What the hell just happened? 
Ah I'm sure it was nothing.
I'm gonna go uh work in the garage. 
We're not gonna finish playing Downbeat? 
What that dice game where you shake dice and yell out Downbeat ?
No thank you. 
Mom would it be okay if I went to visit Dad? 
Sure. 
Thanks. 
Morty are you okay? 
You know what?
Yeah.
I think if Dad really wanted to be here he'd stop at nothing to make that happen.
You know maybe Dad just doesn't want you back or maybe he just doesn't have the strength to fight.
I-In either case he's got his life I got mine. 
Yeah.
Hey who wants to go run in a stream? 
What the fuck?
No.
D-Do we have any oranges?
I think I got a scurvy coming on. 
Summer. 
This is the first mutant I killed in the poison zone.
I was raiding his hovel.
He had a chance to escape but he looked back which is something we shouldn't do which is why I shouldn't believe in souvenirs or trinkets or symbols or housewarming gifts but Dad I wanted to give you this as a reminder not to look back. 
Thanks. 
I know the perfect place for it which is why I'm going to put it somewhere else because everything's bullshit am I right? 
Cool. 
So lots of hookers outside huh? 
Is that what they are? 
Ahh!
H-Hello there.
Nice doggy.
You-You want a snack?
You-You want my unemployment check? 
…loser… 
Oh my God!
No no..! 
I told you! 
Hold on. 
What? 
Yes! 
Called it. 
Why would he choose Veronica? 
Because he loves her? 
Well if it's any consolation Summer none of it mattered and the entire show is stupid. 
Okay I've got an idea you show us your concept of good TV and we'll crap all over that. 
[stands walking to the TV] I thought you'd never ask. 
Hey! 
Oh cool!
Is that crystallized Zanthonite?
It conducts electrons across dimensions. 
20% accurate as usual Morty.
The important thing being I just upgraded our cable package with programming from every conceivable reality. 
Wait does that mean we get Showtime Extreme? 
How about Showtime Extreme in a world where man evolved from corn? 
Boring. 
Summer you just spent three months watching a man choose a fake wife. 
So what It'd be better if the people were corn? 
Jerry you don't get it.
This is infinite TV from infinite universes.
Look. 
A movie about a guy eating shit. [changes channel various people are fighting on TV] A violent Antiques Show… 
Letterman from a time line where Jerry's famous. 
Wait! 
What in the hell? 
I agree.
Where's this going? 
No the other thing!
Go back! 
Really?
All right fine. 
All right Jerry when you're right you're right.
Now I'm hooked. 
Amazing.
A dimension where all proper nouns begin with Schmla . 
All right that got that actually got old pretty quick. 
Rick would you please go back to me on David Letterman? 
Go back go back! 
Jeez. 
Oh my God!
Dad's in Cloud Atlas ! 
I'm in Cloud Atlas !
What's Cloud Atlas ? 
How is this possible? 
Infinite time lines infinite possibilities.
Including a time line where Jerry's a movie star.
Look you guys are getting excited about the wrong aspect of this device.
Ju-- Wa-- Look at this. 
Now who wants to watch random crazy TV shows from different dimensions a-a-and then who wants to narcissistically obsess about their alternate self? 
Here. [stands pulling an ocular device from his coat] These scan your retinas and let you view parallel time lines through genetically matching versions of your eyes.
Go fetch! 
I'm proud of you Morty. 
Hey man I don't give a crap about myself Rick.
Let's watch some crazy stuff yo! 
Are we sure we want to do this?
Look at our own alternate lives? 
Relax Morty.
Don't-don't worry about it.
Let's just just see where this goes. 
Huh.
Making himself a sandwich now.. 
Oh my God!
It's still the commercial! 
All right I'm bored.
Change it. 
Hey isn't Gazorpazorp where-where uh where those Sex robots came from remember?
That whole thing? 
Yeah.
Let's watch some more Gazorpazorpfield! 
No Morty it's Lorenzo Music.
In this reality he's still alive. 
Yeah I'm pretty sure.
He also did that voice of that one guy from Ghostbusters which is really strange because it's the same character Bill Murray played in the movie.
But then when they made the movie Bill Murray did the voice of Gazorpazorp-- or Garfield I mean. 
I don't know.
Just making conversation with you Morty.
What do you think?
I-I-I-I know everything about everything? 
Well you know Morty I mean you want to sell boxes of cereal you gotta you gotta pump the gas a little.
Pedal t-to the metal Morty. 
Sex sells Morty. 
Pretty cool huh Morty?
Oh. 
I don't give a fuck what you think Jerry. 
Hey Morty you just missed a preview for your Dad's Citizen Kane . 
Academy Award-winning actor Jerry Smith is leading police on a slow-speed pursuit after suffering an apparent breakdown. 
Come on Je- Are you kidding me Jerry?
It's just a bunch of dumb tabloid crap. 
What are you asking me for Jerry?
I'm sitting here trying to figure out why the cops don't just take you out.
Th-- they've got a clear shot to your head.
I can't believe our tax dollars pay for this. 
Hey Ball Fondlers?
Huh?
Ball Fondlers? 
Yeah sweetie they-- that's where they live. 
Look I don't know!
I'm watching the-- same thing you guys are. 
I don't know Summer!
I can't even hear the TV! [stands up drawing his Portal Gun] All right that's it.
We're just gonna go there so you idiots can ask your stupid questions all day. 
Smith kitchen int.
Rick Jerry Beth are eating breakfast.
Rick is building a robot at the table.
Jerry is playing Jerry's Game] 
Hey Rick I have to make a project for the science fair this weekend.
You think you could help me out? 
Whatever. 
Well um traditionally science fairs are a father-son thing. 
Well scientifically traditions are an idiot thing. 
Morty I think it will be fun for you to work on a science project with your dad. 
[putting away phone clears throat] Yeah dad why don't we do it together? 
Yes!
You backed the right horse on this one son!
We'll get out the crayons brew some coffee and knock this thing out in two or three days. 
What is my purpose? 
Pass the butter. 
Thank you. 
Dad I need a ride to work. 
Maybe Rick can give you a ride.
I'm helping Morty with science. 
I'm busy. 
Doing what? 
Uh anything else? 
What is my purpose? 
You pass butter. 
Oh my god. 
Yeah welcome to the club pal. 
Since when did you have a job? 
Since last week.
It's part time at this little vintage thrift store.
My boss is this really smart eccentric old man that treats me nice and values me. 
Wee-ow can't wait to meet this fascinating character. 
Please don't. 
Oh… when did this stop being jamba juice? 
I've just recently opened for business Mr um Goldenfold. 
You know my name?
That's disarming. 
I also know you long for female company. 
You know it has been lonely since the divorce.
Some voids can't be filled with jamba juice. 
This aftershave makes a man quite irresistible to women. one never pays here.
Not with money. 
Nothing to read into there!
Thanks! 
Sorry I'm late Mr.
Needful.
This is my grandpa Rick he was just leaving. 
Huh. 
Tell me Rick what do you desire? 
Eh I make my own stuff.
So what are you like the devil? 
What?
Sorry? 
I dunno store comes out of nowhere all the shit's old and creepy; are you the devil?
A demon?
Leprechaun? 
Grandpa Rick! 
Hey I'm not judging.
I just like to shoot straight.
I'm a man of science. 
Ahah.
Then perhaps you could make use of this.
This microscope reveals things beyond comprehension.
Hahahaha. 
Hahahahaha. 
Grandpa go home and drink! 
Why don't we do a model of the solar system?
That's what my dad did with me when I was your age. 
Oh.
Ok. 
You know Rick's in his lab making cyborgs and wormholes and all that weird stuff but this is real science!
A man and his boy making planets!
Hey how 'bout we use a ping-pong ball for Pluto and then Jupiter- 
Uh actually I don't think Pluto's a planet. 
Of course Pluto's a planet son I learned that in the third grade. 
Well yeah but you know they changed it. 
Morty nobody changed the planets. 
I just googled it.
Uh Pluto's not a planet.
They changed it in 2006. 
Yeah I heard about that Morty.
And I disagree. 
You… disagree? 
That's right.
It's possible to disagree in science Morty.
Pluto was a planet some committee of fancy assholes disagree I disagreed back.
Gimmie a ping-pong ball. 
Um ok I just have to- 
Go find Rick and go for my head about Pluto? 
Gee-no!
Geez!
I just gotta go to the bathroom!
Dayum! 
Oh.
Okay good.
This is gonna be fun! 
Hey Morty lemme ask you a question real quick.
Does evil exist and if so can one detect and measure it? 
Um… 
Rhetorical question Morty.
The answer is yes you just have to be a genius. 
Your sister's boss gave me a microscope that would have made me retarded. 
Ooh oh boy Rick I don't think you're allowed to say that word you know? 
Uh Morty I'm not disparaging the differently abled.
I'm stating the fact that if I had used this microscope it would have made me mentally retarded. 
Okay yeah but I don't think it's about logic Rick.
I think the word's just become a symbolic issue for powerful groups that feel like they're doing the right thing. 
Well that's retarded. 
What are you guys talking about? 
Apparently nothing. 
You asked him if Pluto's a planet didn't you? 
No! 
It's not. 
Shut up Rick. 
Whoa. 
I don't care what anyone says.
If it can be a planet it can be a planet again.
Planet.
Planet planet planet. 
Stay scientific Jerry. 
This aftershave made women want me but it also made me impotent! 
A price for everything Mr.
Goldenfold.
A price… for everything!
Muahahahaha! 
Oh my god!
How can I not see this coming?
My lust!
My greed!
I deserve thi- 
This serum should counteract the negative effects. 
Holy cats!
Ladies let's get out of here. 
I haven't learned a thing! 
Here.
You can have this back. 
You didn't use it? 
Sure I did.
To develop this.
It detects and catalogues all your Twilight Zone Ray Bradbury Friday the 13th of series voodoo crap magic.
I thought you might want it so you didn't accidentally sell anybody say a typewriter that generates best-selling murder mysteries then makes the murders happen in real life?
Oooh. 
Be quiet! 
Don't you want to make sure people know what they're getting?
You're not intentionally selling beauty cream that makes ugly ladies pretty but also makes them blind? 
I find this all quite preposterous! 
Oh I say good sir!
Oh harrumph oh oh bobba-doppa-doopa-bo-bo.
That's beautiful you know it's going to be wearing you in three hours? 
Do I need to call the police? 
Here you can use my phone.
Don't worry it won't make you deaf because I'm not a hack. 
Hey!
No!
Ugh! 
Think you're so great? 
Stop it! 
No!
Stop!
Hey hey!
Stop it right now! 
Grandpa Rick I like working here! 
You work for the devil! 
So what? 
So what? 
Yes so what if he's the devil Rick?
At least the devil has a job.
At least he's active in the community.
What do you do?
You eat our food and make gadgets.
Buh bye. 
Whoops. 
I'm sorry Mr.
Needful I'll clean that up.
I don't know what I can do about the ghost lady that came out of it but… 
It's fine.
Summer you know your grandfather's right.
This store curses people.
That's my business. 
Well yeah fast food gives people diabetes and clothing stores have sweatshops.
Is there a company hiring teenagers that isn't evil?
This is my first job.
You've been nice to me Mr.
Needful.
You respect me. 
Please call me the devil. 
I'd rather not actually. 
Yes perhaps not during business hours. 
I told you I want to file a declaration that Pluto is a planet! … Well then my son's going to fail his science class and when that happens I'm suing you first!
I think I know what the A in NASA stands for. 
Dad what's your endgame? 
Ain't no game sucka. 
Why don't we just make the solar system with eight planets?
It's even easier! 
Sure sure and why don't we just burn Galileo at the stake for saying the sun is round?
Science isn't always easy Morty! 
Whoa whoa!
Whoa! 
What the hell? 
I'm King Flippynips ruler of Pluto! 
We discovered you quite by accident during routine surveillance of your world.
You really gave it to those guys at NASA! 
I was… you know… sometimes science is about conviction. 
I'd like to introduce you to a few people that very much agree with you. 
Oh.
I… 
Plutonians!
Jerry Smith is a scientist from Earth where he's creating a model of our solar system!
Jerry tell Pluto about your decision! 
Pluto… is a planet. 
Pluto's a fucking planet bitch! 
Oh man this is definitely gonna go to his head. 
If it's athletic prowess you desire principal Vagina I might- 
I'll take it! 
But I haven't even- 
Thank you very very much great store great place bye. 
Huh.
Okay.
I must say Summer I thought your grandfather's outburst would have disrupted business but this is the best weekend I've had since Salem! 
Nice!
Wholesome delight for lunch? 
Is that the vegan place? 
Yeah I love their soup. 
I'm kind of souped out. 
Mrs.
Tate is it?
What do you desire? 
Whoa whoa slow down honey! 
Oh is there a limit?
Everything's free right? 
Let's just say… you don't pay with money. 
That was perfect. 
You pay with the curses right? 
Um I… well- 
But Mrs.
Tate!
Why do you want cursed items? 
Well I'm going to get the curses removed.
At curse purge plus.
You know the guy on TV? 
What? 
Have you acquired creepy specific old stuff from an antique or thrift store that grants you powers but fucks with you in unforeseeable ways?
Bring it to Curse Purge Plus!
I use science to uncurse the items for cash and you get to keep the powers!
This guy got mysterious sneakers to make him run faster!
But guess what?
He would have had to run until he died making them worthless.
I removed the curse making them worth like I dunno eight million dollars?
See ya at the olympics.
This eerily intelligent doll was threatening to murder its family.
Now it does their taxes. 
Everything's deductible. 
Don't pay for cool stuff with your soul.
Pay for it with money.
You know like how every other store in the world works?
We're located at First and Main in old town.
Come on come on down. 
First… and… 
Wubba… lubba… dub dub! 
Wubba lubba dub dub! 
That's right across the street from Needful Things where you can get evil items for free! 
Diabolical son of a mother- 
We're back on Good Morning Pluto and a very good morning it is for our guest Earth scientist Jerry Smith who is making headlines with his bold announcement that is what Jerry? 
Pluto is a planet. 
How about that? 
Wow.
I love it! 
Morty Smith.
I'm Scroopy Noopers.
I'm a scientist.
Can I show you something? 
Uh… I'd better not. 
Right now. 
The centre of Pluto Mr.
Smith is made up of a substance called plutonium.
Mines like these suck Plutonium up to the cities where corporations use it to power everything from diamond cars to golden showers.
And the more we remove the more Pluto shrinks. 
There it goes again.
Just shrank a little.
But a few years ago your scientists had noticed Pluto had gotten so small they couldn't even call it a planet any more.
Should have been our wake up call.
But the rich plutonians won't wake up.
And they love your dad telling everyone Pluto's a planet because that means they can keep mining until Pluto goes from planet to asteroid to meteor and finally poof. [At the last word he blows a handful of blue dust into the air] 
Um… A party? 
Is everyone in your family an idiot? 
For sure me and my dad are. 
Well all you have to do is get him to admit that and you could save four billion lives. 
Uh yeah you know the thing is… my dad's really insecure. 
Hm funny.
Mr Needful out of everything in the store you'll never guess what we couldn't get rid of! 
Ah!
Oh my god! 
Oh my god.
I wish this desk was lighter! 
I wish this knot was looser! 
Come on!
I don't… Augh!
Wait!
What am I doing?
I wish I knew CPR! 
One two three!
One two three! 
Ugh Jesus.
What a waste of a monkey paw. 
Mr.
Needful!
How could you even think of doing something so horrible? 
I'm the devil.
What should I do when I fail give myself an ice-cream? 
You haven't failed. 
People like Rick are making me obsolete.
I mean seriously I may be the devil but your grandpa is the devil!
I just want to go back to hell where everybody thinks I'm smart and funny. 
No!
It's not fair.
Everyone in this town got something they wanted from you even Rick!
I was your only friend and I get nothing? 
Okay I'll give you one thing.
Name it. 
I wanna help you. 
Clever twist. 
I learned from the best you old fart.
Now let's go get you hydrated. 
Looks like we've got… haunted boxing gloves that will make you the heavyweight champion in 1936 and then you'll be trapped there winning the same fight for eternity.
I can take out the eternity and the padding and then you'll have some time travelling mittens. 
Oh look it's Rosemary's baby!
How's business? 
Here's the last of our inventory.
We're going to file chapter 11 and do some restructuring. 
Sounds like code for 'You win Rick!' 
That was important to you wasn't it? 
Nope it was important to your dumb devil friend.
To me this was all just a bit like when Bugs Bunny fucks with the opera singer for twenty minutes. 
He tried to kill himself. 
Seriously?
Holy crap.
Holy crap. 
But you know what grandpa Rick?
He's strong.
And he's never going to give up. 
Uh huh yeah I don't care. 
Oh I know.
Everyone knows you don't care. 
So? 
So… have fun not caring. 
I always do. 
Good. 
Yeah it is good.
It's the best. 
I'm sure it is.
Bye. 
Later! 
I'm here to pick up my undead cat and child. 
Yeah uh gimmie a sec. 
These are the forms for the employee health plan. 
Alright yeah uh put 'em on my… eh. 
I just got bored.
Everybody out. 
Alright just one more rally then I promise we'll get back to your science project. 
Dad Pluto isn't a planet!
It's shrinking because of corporations! 
Yeah that's what that anti-planet nutjob Scroopy Noopers was screaming about outside the Ministry of Moneys fundraiser.
Are you telling me four billion plutonians are wrong? 
You told me science wasn't easy! 
I said science isn't always easy obviously that means sometimes it is easy.
Let's not debase ourselves with word games son. 
Dad their whole planet is dying! 
Hah!
You called it a planet!
Checkmate. 
What's up Pluto? 
Mr.
Smith please!
Tell my friend here what you just told me go on. 
My Very Eager Mother Just Served Us Nine Pickles and the pickles is Pluto. 
My god!
The man's a genius! 
Um excuse me? 
Morty what? 
Dad what did you think about the recent report published by the Pluto Science Reader linking plutoquakes sinkholes and surface shrinkage to deep core plutonium drilling? 
…Well son what did you think when you were five and you pooped your pants and you threw your poopy undies out your bedroom window because you thought it was like throwing something in the garbage? 
I mean I'm trimming the hedges and these things are just hanging there was I supposed to think the poop bunny left them? 
Good one dad. 
Hey Morty you wanna go on a- oh.
Hey Beth?
Hello?
Hey Jerry you in here being stupid? 
Thanks.
Hey y'know I was thinking I might watch a movie… 
I am not programmed for friendship. 
Suit yourself. 
Hey!
Hey.
What's going on? 
Um… listen can you help me do this stupid science fair project? 
Whatever. 
Jerry you must be so excited!
The Plutobell Prize is the highest honour a scientist can receive! 
I'm flattered and humbled. 
Ooh I like that.
Use that in your speech.
Also talk about Pluto being a planet people like that. 
Your highness!
We've captured Scroopy Noopers! 
You animals!
Animals! 
Ooh look whose little journey's come to an end!
Take him to Plutonimo Bay! 
You can't kill the truth father! 
What? 
I can see you're confused.
Plutonimo bay is a military prison a sort of play on words- 
Did he call you father?
Scroopy Noopers the anti-planet nutjob is your son? 
The young eat the old if you let them Jerry.
Pluto is a cold cold celestial dwarf. 
It's a what? 
Huh?
Oh- planet!
Hah!
Hoh Pluto is a cold cold planet!
That's what I meant.
Knock 'em dead out there you. 
Pluto is… 
Not a planet. 
Boo! 
Ow!
It's not a planet!
Hey!
It's not a planet!
I'm an idiot and I love my son! 
It's been a long six hours but we've overhauled Needful Things into the globally compliant web 4.0 e-nomenon n33dful.com!
Spelled with 3s instead of Es. 
Woot!
Yeah!
Woot!
Excited! 
Okay that's it!
We just got bought by Google! 
Yeah! 
Mmh!
I'm so proud of you Lucius.
So… how much did we make? 
Haha. 'We.' This is my business!
Security! 
Ah!
You're Zuckerberging me? 
I was Zuckerberging people before Zuckerberg's balls dropped.
I'm the devil beeyotch!
What what! 
Hey! 
Hey Morty. 
Oh!
Hey dad!
Um… What are you doing back from Pluto so quick? 
Ah some people just can't handle the truth.
Especially dummies like me.
Morty I'm not as smart as your grandpa Rick but I promise never to make that your problem again. 
Hey dad?
Nobody's smarter than Rick.
But nobody else is my dad.
You're a genius at that. 
Wow… that's humbling… and flattering son.
Thank you.
What say we finish ourselves an 8-planet solar system? 
Um… I'm just going to take this thing in and… get an A. 
Butter. 
But- 
You're a genius at being my dad dad.
Quit while you're ahead.
And also knock next time you know?
I mean I'm sitting in here I'm 14!
I got a computer in here you know! 
Oh.
I uh- I think I underst- 
You know you're really playing with fire when you burst in here like that man. 
I get it!
Say no more. 
I mean one of these days you know you're gonna you're gonna end up seeing something- 
I got it!
Noted!
Goodnight! 
How's your pretend grandpa doing AKA the devil? 
He dumped me. 
Oof sorry. 
Did we learn a lesson here I'm not seeing? 
Hm not sure. 
Maybe in a much bigger way Mr.
Needful gave us both what we really wanted?
Because I was always jealous of you hanging out with Morty and you didn't realise how much you valued my approval? 
No that's dumb. 
Nah not satisfying. 
I'll tell you what though if it's satisfaction you're after I think I might have an idea. 
Uh huh… uh huh… uh huh totally let's do it! 
And that's how I took my storefront into the forefront of the upfront!
Thank you Seattle! 
Rick?
Summer? 
Stupid mother- 
Stupid bitch! 
Stupid motherfucker! 
Get some! 
How do you like that!
Augh!
How do you like that? 
Ugh… Why? 
Because sometimes what you really need is for someone else to pay a horrible price. 
We did it! 
Haha yeah bro.
Yeah!
Haha! 
Was totally worth it!
We did it hahaha!
We just pulled it off! 
Yeah bro! 
Hahaha! 
Yeah. 
X Gon' Give It To Ya starts playing.
Rick and Summer beat up a nazi wearing suspenders a schoolyard bully a man holding a God hates fags! sign and a man walking his dog who yanks its collar hard when it tries to stop] 
Anyway that's how I escaped from space prison!
Oh scary place. 
Wow Rick!
That's That's one one heck of a story.
I sure do wish I could have been there to see it happen. 
Oh come on.
Who wants to watch a mad scientist use handmade sci-fi tools to take out highly trained alien guards when we can sit here and be a family at Shoney's? 
Dad it's great to have you back no matter where we are but wouldn't you like to go home? 
Emotionally speaking honey Shoney's is my home. 
Yeah but you just got out of prison.
I mean how much of a step up from that is 
Jerry get out of the booth take all your clothes off and fold yourself 12 times. 
You got it. 
Six folds huh?
W-W-What have you guys got me in a Series 9000?
You cheap insect didn't think I was worth your best equipment? 
Man I told the money bugs.
I said You know who this guy is right?
You want me to get intel out of the smartest mammal in the galaxy you better give me a decent brainalyzer. 
Well you might as well order some pancakes because I don't see the need to leave this part of my brain. 
Oh I think you do.
Eventually you're either gonna relax your cerebellum. 
Shoney's. 
Or the Series 9000 is going to turn it into mush. 
Relaxed enough? 
I admire you Rick-- 
When I-- 
Rick here's-- 
What's going on? 
It's hard to tell.
He may have manifested some sort of butt. 
He can do that? 
He is the smartest man in the universe. 
I tell ya the Galactic Federation taking over Earth best thing that's ever happened to this family.
I just got my sixth promotion this week and I still don't know what I do. 
Who cares how high they promote you?
Everyone just gets paid in pills. 
Well when you're not sure what you do for a living youcan make your own rules. 
Summer show your father some respect.
He's pulling down a six-chewable figure income. 
I'll get that in a moment.
How are everyone's pills?
Oh Morty you've hardly touched your pills. 
I kind of had big pills for lunch and I wasn't gonna eat any more pills.
Thank you Conroy. 
You spoil us Conroy. 
Grandpa Rick wouldn't put up with this! 
Stop saying his name!
He abandoned us. 
Willem Dafoe!
Th-That's the guy I couldn't think of this morning. 
Don't make my mistake Summer.
Don't deify the people that leave you.
You'll end up a horse surgeon in a world controlled by aliens whose medicine keeps horses healthy forever.
Horses live longer than tortoises now.
Is that what you want for yourself? 
Maybe I just want you to care if I run away yelling! 
Who saved room for pill brulee? 
Ooh! 
I can see why you chose this family-friendly restaurant to represent your cerebellum.
So safe so comfortable so Shoney's.
But admit it Rick you're going crazy cooped up in here.
Let's go visit some memories. 
Oh any particular ones?
You want to see my first boner or should we go straight to the moment I discovered interdimensional travel? 
Ooh your little flappy doodles are twitching.
Does that mean you're aroused or did you just get a signal that one of your buddies found a grape? 
It's arousal.
Yes I'd like very much to visit the memory of you inventing your portal gun. 
Yeah well tough titties. 
There's no tougher titty than a psychotic break Rick. 
Well that depends on who breaks first me or the titty. 
Someone special you remember?
Is that your memory of her out there between where you were on 9/11 and your favorite sports blooper? 
If we stay here you'll die along with all your memories.
If you take me where I want to go she'll be there too won't she? 
The day I invented the portal gun is the day I lost her. 
Oh that sounds cool.
I can get what I want and you can say goodbye. 
Fine but I'm driving. 
Huh?
What are you What are you doing? 
Grandpa Rick must have some secret lab right?
With like laser guns and jets packs and a space tank!
And we can go break him out of prison!
Look at these dead flies!
Maybe if we arrange them in a certain order it plays a hologram or it opens a secret door. 
Summer you're freaking me out.
I know things have changed a lot and I know you miss Rick but getting him back wouldn't make things better.
And you know we're not doing so bad. 
We're miserable Morty!
There's a mandatory curfew their weird calendar made me 47 and they weaponized the Eiffel Tower! 
Hey I like being 35.
I-I can rent a car now. 
Because you suck!
You've been keeping your lip zipped about it since Grandpa got arrested but the fact is you're freaking stoked to bail on him. 
He bails on everybody!
He bailed on Mom when she was a kid!
He He bailed on tiny planet!
And in case I never made this clear to you Summer he bailed on you.
He left you to rot in a world that he ruined because he doesn't care!
Because nobody's special to him Summer not even himself.
So if you really want your grandpa back grab a shovel.
The one that won't let you down is buried in your backyard! 
You're right! 
What?!
No I'm not right.
I-I was using ghoulish overkill!
Ghoulish overkill Summer! 
Oh God!
Oh God!
Whoa whoa! 
Where are we going? 
To the day it all began and ended.
The moment that changed everything. 
Yeah I'd like to get a 10-piece McNugget and a bunch of the Szechuan sauce.
Like as much as you're allowed to give me.
In 1998 they had this promotion for the Disney film Mulan where they where they they created a new sauce for the McNuggets called Szechuan sauce and it's delicious!
And then they got rid of it and now it's gone.
This is the only place we're gonna be able to try it is in my memory. 
Rick you're doing this bit while your brain is melting. 
Okay.
All right all right. 
Is that-- 
Me.
I used to wear blue pants. 
When'd you make the leap to interdimensional travel? 
I didn't.
I did. 
Well well well.
If it isn't us.
You know the worst part about inventing teleportation?
Suddenly you're able to travel the whole galaxy and the first thing you learn is you're the last guy to invent teleportation.
Fortunately you're about to invent something much more powerful. 
What? 
Summer nobody has to know about that.
We could put it right back and pretend we never saw it like we did with Dad's mannequin leg. 
Fine stay here.
I'll rescue Grandpa myself. 
And how are you gonna do that? 
I don't know yet.
I'll make it up as I go.
That's what Grandpa Rick does.
That's what heroes do. 
Y-You want to see what a hero Rick is?
I-I'll bring you somewhere Summer.
Um- 
My goodness children.
Relinquish the illegal technology to the nearest Federation representative.
And then we'll all play Balderdash. 
Oh my goodness!
Oh oh!
My goo-- 
Oh my God.
I have that exact same top. 
What is this place?
And what's with Hunger Games Summer? 
That's my sister.
This used to be my home. 
Imagine doing anything you want then hopping to a timeline where you never did it.
Imagine going anywhere anytime with nobody able to stop you. 
Sounds lonely. 
Lonely?
Dude you have yourself your infinite selves.
It's a nonstop party where all the guests are the only person we like.
You think it's cool being the smartest man on Earth but once we give you this technology you become the smartest thing in every conceivable universe the Infinite Rick a god. 
Eh pass. 
Excuse me?
Bro Ricks don't pass on this.
Who do you think you are? 
A different kind of Rick I guess. 
Well we'll see how long that lasts. 
I heard sci-fi noises.
Did you make a breakthrough? 
Sort of.
I just took a long look at myself and I don't think this science thing is gonna pay off. 
Well why don't I get Beth and we'll go out for ice cream? 
That Dianne is the last great idea that will ever be had in this garage. 
Good roasted Cronenberg I assume.
Mom you're looking feral.
I can't believe Rick did this. 
These are the parts of Rick's adventures you don't get to see the parts he leaves behind.
All right it's been great guys.
I really only wanted to stop by here for a quick I told ya so.
So uh-- 
Looking for this? 
What are you doing with that?! 
It stinks of Rick. 
No!
Why?!
Why would you do that?!
W-W-What is the matter with you people?! 
You can never leave.
She cannot remain. 
She stinks of Rick. 
Hold your fire!
Hold your fire!
I'm Morty C-137. 
We detected a compromised portal gun.
Where is your Rick? 
He's in prison. 
Summer. 
He got captured by the Federation and we were going to rescue him. 
Very troubling.
We can't risk Citadel secrets falling into the Federation's hands.
We'll dispatch SEAL Team Ricks immediately to break into the prison holding C-137. 
Boo-yah! 
Aand assassinate him. 
Boo-nah? 
Come on girls!
The ice cream's gonna melt. 
Nooooooo! 
Wow.
This sauce is amazing.
You said it was promoting a movie? 
Carry the three add a two.
I got it.
I got it. 
Whoa.
I-Is that it the portal gun? 
Yeah.
That's the three lines of math that separates my life as a man from my life as an unfeeling ghost. 
Awesome-possum.
Mission Control you getting this? 
Holy shit yes!
Yes we got it! 
Yeah!
Thanks Rick.
I'll try to remember to shut off the brainalyzer.
Actually I think it shuts off automatically once your brain is liquid.
Don't know don't care.
Pull me out.
Hey pull me out!
Can you hear me? 
Nope they cannot. 
Why not? 
Because the code you just uploaded wasn't actually my portal-gun formula it was a virus giving me full control over the brainalyzer. 
What are you talking about?
This is a memory.
Y-You can't alter details of a memory. 
True but you can alter anything you want about a totally fabricated origin story. 
It's a trap!
Abort!
I'm still in his Shoney's!
Repeat we never left his Shoney's! 
Mission accomplished boys.
Pull me out. 
Roger that. 
Okay have fun in what's left of my brain.
I'm gonna transfer to yours.
Oh there's not enough room for all my genius so I'm leaving you with my fear of wicker furniture my desire to play the trumpet my tentative plans to purchase a hat and six years of improv workshops.
Comedy comes in threes. 
It's a trap!
Abort!
We never left his No! 
Congratulations Agent.
You'll be highly commended for this. 
One thing still perplexes me why would Rick Sanchez turn himself in? 
Oh that's easy. 8-3-- 
Yeah!
SEAL Team Rick's in the house! 
Hi Rick.
Bye Rick. 
I'm bummed I didn't get to give that insect dick a test-drive. 
Wait wait wait wait!
T-The Council of Ricks sent us.
We have your Morty and Summer.
They're prisoners on the Citadel. 
Security breach in room 6755. 
All security people approach. 
Security breach. 
A city of Grandpas? 
It's the Citadel of Ricks.
All the different Ricks from all the different realities got together to hide here from the government. 
But if every Rick hates the government why would they hate Grandpa? 
Because Ricks hate themselves the most.
And our Rick is the most himself. 
Not anymore homey.
SEAL Team Ricks turned his unibrow into two brows with a bullet.
Your Rick's dead!
Your Rick's dead! 
Sir Rick D-99 is returning from the mission alone.
Apparently SEAL Team Ricks suffered heavy casualties. 
Bring him in. 
He says he'll only talk to a Rick with higher clearance. 
La-di-da.
Give me that.
D-99 this is the commander in chief of the Citadel's militia. 
Operating an unregistered portal gun radicalizing a Summer conspiring with a traitorous Rick.
How do you plead? 
How is this a fair trial?
O-Our lawyer is a Morty. 
It's not fair you have no rights and he's not a lawyer.
We just keep him here because he's fun.
Look at him go. 
We'll be lenient if you renounce your Rick.
What say you Summer? 
I say you!
My grandpa was my hero.
You killed him because you were jealous of him.
That's pretty obvious from the haircuts.
So do what you want to me but let my brother go.
He already renounced Rick. 
Morty? 
What?
N-No I don't want to see your Pog collection.
I don't renounce Rick and I never have.
I was just trying to protect my sister.
I wanted you to have a normal life.
That's something you can't have when Rick shows up.
Everything real turns fake.
Everything right is wrong.
All you know is that you know nothing and he knows everything.
And well well he's not a villain Summer but he shouldn't be your hero.
He's more like a demon or a super up god. 
Let's not suck the ghost of his too hard.
He was a terrorist and now he's dead. 
Oh yeah?
If you think my Rick's dead he's alive.
And if you think you're safe he's coming for you! 
Hey whoa whoa!
What are you doing in here?
This area's for teleporting the entire Citadel to somewhere else using only buttons and dials. 
What the We just teleported into a galactic federal prison. 
Wait wait wait wait!
No no no! 
Whoa!
Whoa! 
The Citadel's been teleported to Federation space.
It's doomed.
This has to be C-137 you guys.
What are we gonna do?!
You know he's coming for us. 
All right calm down!
We have his Summer as a hostage.
Obviously I get her.
You guys play Rick Laser Scissors for the Morty. 
W-W-What the hell is that? 
Payback. 
Grandpa Rick! 
Duh! 
You're alive! 
Rick! 
Morty take this.
You're gonna need it later. 
Hold on hold on.
Whoa! 
That's enough Rick. 
What What's this supposed to accomplish?
We have infinite grandkids.
You're trying to use Disney bucks at a Caesar's Palace here. 
That's a bluff.
He's bluffing sir.
He loves me. 
You're a rogue Rick irrational passionate.
You love your grandkids.
You came to rescue them. 
I came to kill you bro.
That's not even my original Summer. 
Oh my God.
He's not bluffing.
He's not bluffing! 
R-Rick? 
Why not shoot through her? 
20 yards nine-gauge plasma pistol My first shot would liquify her insides and injure you second shot adds recoil.
The risk to me is minimized if I wait for you to shoot her which I'm encouraging you to do. 
What the 
Or let her go which I will reward with a quicker death. 
Because you love her! 
Because it's incentive for you to give me my cleanest shot which will be your least painful death.
But if you want to die slower than that I'm super into it.
All you got to do to get that started is kill the girl. 
I hate you! 
Not an issue sweetie. 
That's enough!
Drop the gun Rick! 
Morty I know you're too stupid to get this but you're really this up right now. 
I'm not letting you let my sister die!
Drop the gun! 
I wasn't gonna let her die you moron! 
Ha! 
Aww. 
The point is he thought I was going to. 
I totally did by the way.
You're a moron Morty. 
Morty you idiot! 
You're a serious idiot Morty!
You basically killed us all!
You're the worst!
You're as dumb as a bag of sand. 
Who's stupid now bitch?! 
Morty we just got him back! 
That was amazing Morty.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Okay let's wrap this- 
Good job Morty.
Let's go kids. 
What?!
What happened? 
Oldest Rick trick in the book. 
Fake gun shoot me in standoff.
Brilliant. 
Ha yeah.
G-Good thing I saw that note. 
Can't we just portal home? 
Not until I finish what I started.
And that is how you get level-nine access without a password. 
Freeze! 
Employee of the month ladies and gentlemen. 
So what are you doing with level-nine access anyways? 
Destroying the galactic government. 
Awesome!
Whoa cool! 
Are you going to set all their nukes to target each other? 
Ooh or or reprogram their military portals to disintegrate their entire space fleet? 
Good pitches kids.
I'm almost proud.
But watch closely as Grandpa topples an empire by changing a one to a zero. 
Mr.
President the Blemflarck's value just dropped to nothing. 
What do you mean? 
I mean our single centralized galactic currency just went from being worth one of itself to zero of itself. 
Calm down people.
Deploy the galactic militia and declare martial law. 
Yes sir.
Uh what should I pay them with? 
Their payment is the honor they'll feel to serve their Wait.
Who's paying me to yell at this guy? 
I can answer that for money. 
I never thought I'd live to see this day. 
Gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen!
There's a solution here you're not seeing. 
Give me your jacket! 
Give me those pants! 
There's no rich people or poor people!
I want more jackets! 
He who controls the pants controls the galaxy! 
No longer will the insects have domain over surface world! 
Jerry what the hell is happening?! 
The galactic government collapsed. 
Are you okay? 
Look I-I'm not proud to share this but the truth is I just kept crawling and it kept working.
Oh I'm glad you're okay.
Are we ever going to stop paying for indulging your father?
Our children our planet our jobs?
Is there anything left to lose? 
Just each other and I'll never let you go.
And I'm so sorry I ever did this to us. 
Guess who dismantled the government? 
Please don't leave me again. 
I never will baby. 
I was right.
He turned himself in on purpose.
It was all part of his plan! 
Jerry is there any light beer left?
It's insane what you miss in prison. 
Um..okay.
No.
No no no.
Foot down time. 
No you're right.
Where's the vodka? 
Beth it's him or me! 
Seems like you guys need some privacy.
I'll uh I'll be in the garage. 
What the Not cool Jerry!
A man's garage is his castle. 
Jerry's going to spend some time divorced. 
Oh I-I'm sorry to hear that sweetie.
I hope I had nothing to do with that. 
Oh God Dad that is not your burden to bear.
I feel terrible that I misjudged you.
This is gonna be good for Jerry. 
For everybody. 
For everybody. 
I better tend to Jerry before he changes his mind and doesn't move out.
I will leave you two to your adventures. 
Oh my God.
Nancy says they're drawing and quartering aliens in the school courtyard and it technically counts as patriotism. 
Geez!
Are my parents seriously gonna get divorced?
All right Rick I'm gonna go to my 
Not so fast Morty.
You heard your mom.
We've got adventures to go on Morty just you and me and sometimes your sister and sometimes your mom but never your dad.
You want to know why Morty?
Because he crossed me. 
Okay take it easy Rick.
T-T-That's dark. 
Oh it gets darker Morty.
Welcome to the darkest year of our adventures.
First thing that's different no more Dad Morty. 
Oh geez. 
He threatened to turn me in to the government so I made him and the government go away. 
Oh 
I've replaced them both as the de facto patriarch of your family and your universe.
Your mom wouldn't have accepted me if I came home 
Oh man. 
without you and your sister so now you know the real reason I rescued you.
Oh!
I just took over the family Morty and if you tell your mom 
Oh man. 
or sister I said any of this I'll deny it 
You're gonna deny it. 
and they'll take my side because I'm a hero Morty.
And now you're gonna have to go 
Oh. 
and do whatever I say Morty forever!
And I'll I'll go out and I'll find some more of that Mulan Szechuan teriyaki dipping sauce Morty. 
What are you talking about? 
Because that's that's what this is all about Morty. 
Szechuan? 
That's my one-armed man!
I'm not driven by avenging my dead family Morty!
That was fake.
I-I-I'm driven by finding that McNugget sauce. 
McNuggets? 
I want that Mulan McNugget sauce Morty!
That's my series arc Morty. 
What the hell? 
If it takes nine seasons I want my McNugget dipping sauce Szechuan sauce Morty. 
What are you talking about Rick? 
That's what's gonna take us all the way to the end Morty. 
What are you talking about?! 
Season Nine more seasons Morty.
Nine more seasons until I get that dipping Szechuan sauce. 
What is that?! 
For 97 more years Morty! 
What are you talking about?! 
I want that McNugget sauce Morty! 
Is it ready? 
Yes.
We can bring it online now. 
Do it. 
I am Phoenixperson. 
Phoenix Person?
Is that what we settled on?
I thought we all agreed on Cyberbird. 
You said you didn't care what he was called as long as we brought him back. 
Yeah but Phoenixperson?
Fine it.
Who cares? 
Ka-kaw! 
//www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=rick-and-morty-2013&episode=s03e01 
The trick to cereal is keeping 70% of it above the milk. 
Jerry get a job. 
Uh w-why don't you get it Jerry? you're the man of the house and you don't have a job. 
Delivery for Rick Morty Summer Beth and Jerry. 
Gross what is that thing? 
It's a Courier Flap it's like the Intergalactic version of UPS but less off-putting. 
Ughhhh… 
Oh my God!
My friend Tammy's marrying Birdperson! 
What the hell is a 'Birdperson '? 
He's Rick's best friend. 
Uhhhh l-l-let's not get carried away Morty. 
Would you like to RSVP or send a gift? 
No.
Weddings are basically funerals with cake.
If I wanted to watch someone throw their life away I'd hang out with Jerry all day. 
Affirmative.
Returning to sender. 
No hold on stay… 'Courier Flaps.' 
Staying. 
Dad you have a friend that's getting married… that's a big deal. 
it's a big deal he has a friend. 
What do you know about friendship Jerrrrrry? 
Confirm shipping Jerry. 
Oh God Jerry?! 
Dad?! 
Where is it taking him? 
I assume Planet Squanch 6000 lightyears across the galaxy. 
Wh?-Wh- th-th-that's insane! 
Yeah I know.
Now we have to go to the wedding. 
Rick Sanchez you psycho bag of Squanch! 
Hey what's up Squanchy? 
Heya Squanchy. 
Morty Summer!
And you must be Beth.
Au squanche. 
Your language has 'squanch ' in it a lot.
Doesn't that become tedious and worn out like the Smurf thing? 
Beth Squanchy culture is more… contextual than literal.
You just say what's in your squanch and people understand. 
Oh okay… I squanch my family. 
Uhh… 
What?
I do I squanch my family. 
Steve I just got a weird E-mail.
Did you buy us airline tickets? 
Aw shoot it was supposed to be a surprise!
I wanted to thank you for letting me live here all this time so I'm treating the family to a vacation! 
Steve you're so sweet! 
Thanks Uncle Steve! 
Best uncle ever! 
Look out world the Smith family is goin' to Paris! 
Yeah!
Awesome! 
Rick I don't like glowing rocks in the kitchen trash. 
Well I don't like your unemployed genes in my grandchildren Jerry.
But life is made of little concessions. 
I you know what I- 
You're gonna land on your feet Jer.
Some company out there's gonna think they're lucky stars they hired my little brother. 
Who the fuck are you? 
My goofy brother Steve.
He's been living here almost a year now are you losing your mind? 
Hey someone's been spending too much time around glowing rocks am I right? (Everybody except Rick laughs Rick shoots Steve in the head) 
What the hell Rick?
What the hell? 
Everybody just relax for a second.
There's no such thing as an Uncle Steve .
That is an alien parasite. 
But I've known him my whole life! 
No you haven't Jerry.
These telepathic little bastards they embed themselves in memories they use those to multiply spread out and take over planets.
It's disgusting. 
Steve wasn't real? 
He's a real piece of shit!
This is a big one someone probably tracked in last week on the bottom of their shoe or on a piece of alien fruit. 
Someone? 
Get off the high road Summer we all got pink eye because you won't stop texting on the toilet. 
But Uncle Steve taught me how to ride a bike. 
No Steve put that memory in your brain so he could live in your house eat your food and multiply.
We could be infested with these things so we gotta keep an eye out for any zany wacky characters that pop up. 
Oh wee whatever you want Rick we're here to help! 
Thanks Mr.
Poopybutthole.
I always could count on you. 
Alright there's six of us and that's it.
Me Morty Jerry Beth Mr.
Poopybutthole and Summer. 
Maybe you got the first one in time Rick! 
Can't afford to chance it. 
Dad why does our house have blast shields? 
Trust me Beth you don't wanna know how many answers that question has. 
Ooh gosh it feels claustrophobic!
Reminds me of that time we all got stuck in the elevator together.
Y-- remember that?
After the hulk musical? (Flashback Jerry grunting muzak playing ) 
Jerry buttons don't work better if you hit them harder and foam fists don't make you strong. 
I know.
Friends make you strong.
I watched the same musical you did. 
Why couldn't I bring my portal gun? 
Why did all the drinks have to be extra large?
Oh the hulk.
I just got that. 
Just pee your pants.
I did it the minute we got stuck.
Oh oh yeah yeah shame me.
At least when I'm disgusting it's on purpose. 
Oh y'all we're gonna be fine.
I've always been here for you guys and I always will be. 
somebody call for repairs? 
Yay!
Cousin Nicky! 
It's me cousin Nicky.
I'm walkin' here!
I mean I'm not.
I'm crouched in the elevator shaft but hey I'm walkin' here!
It's true.
We really do get into some crazy situations as a family mostly when we're cooped up like this.
Hey maybe Mr.
Poopypants is right.
L-let's get some fresh air. 
Come on cousin Nicky.
You heard Rick.
We have to stay quarantined until we know that there's no more of these things. 
I hear you Morty.
Back in brooklyn we got a sayin' we're walkin' here! 
Nicky! (Rick shoots Nicky in the shoulder and he reverts back into a parasite) 
Oh! 
What the…?
Cousin Nicky was a parasite?! 
Six Morty!
There's supposed to be six of us!
If there's seven then that means somebody's not real. 
But how did you know it was Nicky? 
I guessed.
That's why I aimed for his shoulder. 
So we can't trust any of our memories now?
Nicky was the reason we found that old nazi submarine.
Did that not even happen? 
Well of course it happened. 
Now that I possess the mighty staff of Rah-gubaba the world will tremble before the fourth reich! 
This is the last time I ask you for help on my history final Rick. 
Hey we got a word for nazis back in Brooklyn pal. 
I'm comfortable being called a nazi.
You think there's some other word that will hurt my feelings?
Yeah.
Think before you talk shit.
Rah-gubaba help me kill america! 
Mr.
Beauregard! 
After due consideration I have elected not to retire. 
Yeah!
Oh thank god! 
Now I believe someone has a final exam to attend.
Set a course for Morty's high school.
Perhaps I'm biased but if that story never happened then I wouldn't still be the family butler. dare to dream. 
Wait. 
And if Mr.
Beauregard wasn't our butler it's safe to say the family'd be in a hell of a lot of trouble. 
No!
Don't flashback! 
You're just gonna make more swelling. 
Don't worry Jerry.
Just relax.
We called the fire department. 
You know they won't come here anymore. (Mr.
Beauregard pours marmalade on Jerry all gasp ) 
Marmalade is served. 
I guess I take back what I said about British cuisine. 
Take that! 
We're trying to sleep. 
I don't want to go to the dance alone. 
Aww.
Mr.
Beauregard. 
Shall we master Morty? 
We shall. 
Oh wait don't leave without letting photography raptor take a picture. ( cut back to the present laughter ) 
Everybody stop remembering!
These parasites are like bed bugs and every flashback is another mattress.
Look!
There's only supposed to be six people in this house. 
No!
Uh the fact that I wrote this number down means that there's four parasites. 
You sure about that Rick? 
Begging your pardon master Rick but I seem to recall a great deal of confusion surrounding that number. 
All right there's six of us and that's it.
Me Morty Jerry Beth Mr.
Poopybutthole Frankenstein Sleepy Gary Photography raptor Mr.
Beauregard and Summer. 
Uh dad that's like 10 people. 
6 10 what's the difference?
I just love the number 6 for no reason!
Where's my pencil at? 
Right here Rick!
Use me! 
Oh thanks Pencilvester!
Yeah I-I g-- I guess that is what happened but I-I don't get why I would do that. 
Everybody makes mistakes Rick.
Why do you think I have one of these? ( laughter camera shutter clicks ) 
That's it.
Photos.
Hard evidence. (Beth scrolls through photos becomes suspicious) You're not in any of my photos Mr.
Poopybutthole. 
Well what do you know about this?
You're not in any of mine. 
All I have are pictures of me and my friends from school.
What?
What teenage girl has pictures of her family?
It's not like we're mormon or dying. 
I will admit it's suspicious that Summer's only friend is a magic ballerina lamb that we've never seen. 
Summer! 
Tinkles!
It's past my bedtime. 
Not in never past bedtime land!
Here we go!
Summer and Tinkles friends with each other living in never past bedtime land no kitchen sinkles no little brother going to raves and waving our hands Summer and tinkle friends to the end group text the whole crew my mother… Friends! ketchup to the salt salt to the fry t to the inkle with a capital I 
Ooh!
Ooh!
Ooh!
Ooh!
Ooh!
Ooh!
Ooh! 
Summer we're trying to sleep. 
It was Tinkles!
Tinkes? 
That is su-- suspicious.
We're always hearing about this Tinkles character but we never get to 
Hi everybody.
I'm Tinkles and these are my friends. 
See everyone?
Tinkles is real.
That means so am I. 
I was on the wrong side of the pitchfork on this one. 
Okay look we shouldn't need evidence or logic to know who's family and who isn't.
I know who the Smiths are.
I've known Beth since high school.
And her husband Sleepy Gary is hands down my absolute best friend. 
Thanks Jerry.
Beyond that no offense to any of you but all bets are off. 
Look I'm not used to being this unsure for this long.
I'm just gonna aim for shoulders starting with the weird girl. 
Aah!
Grandpa Rick! 
Hold still Summer. 
Rick that is my daughter. 
Oh yeah?
Well what if you just think that Sleepy Gary?
I've known you for 15 years.
Don't make me hurt you. 
Rick these are our family and friends the people we barbecue with.
Have you forgotten the barbecue? 
Wait why would you want me to You're one of them aren't you? 
Rick you love those barbecues Rick.
You love them.
Hai! 
Remember it Rick? 
Shut up Hamurai!
Shut up Amish Cyborg!
What is this? '90s Conan? 
Remember the barbecue.
Remember the barbecue.
Remember the barbecue. 
You know what Pencilvester?
It took me my whole life to realize it but I love barbecuing. 
You're good at it Rick. 
Watch me baby.
I'm like tom cruise from um cuisine or w-whatever that movie's called where he makes drinks.
Yeah check me out.
I'm like tom cruise from cuisine. yeah.
Is that what it's called? cuisine ? 
Wow!
Hey everybody.
Let's give it up for the grill master Rick!
Rick!
Rick!
Rick! ( all chanting Rick ) 
Wait. (cut back to the present breathing heavily ) Noooooo!
Shoot.
Now look.
It's like a Where's Waldo? page.
Can you find me?
Check out all these zany characters.
We'll be right back after these messages. 
I think you should put down the gun and we should get you to a doctor.
What do you say we take down these blast shields? 
Yeah. 
Can't do that Sleepy Gary.
All right everybody listen to me.
I don't know if any of you guys are real but this house has been infested with fake loved ones that spread through fake memories and our planet will be destroyed if they get out. 
But Rick even you have to admit you do tend to overreact to stuff. 
You guys we got to hurry.
I just got back from Walmart.
They're selling Nintendo 3ds systems for $149.99 on sale plus every time you buy one you get a $50 gift card.
Brings the total price down to $110 after tax.
Now listen we can flip those sons of bitches for 230 bucks apiece easy!
They're all limited-edition Zelda ones.
Hurry!
Hurry!
Come with me!
We can be rich and we also all get to keep one and we can play nintendo games!
Nintendo give me free stuff. 
Okay yes I definitely remember doing that but also I would never do that 
Don't overreact Rick. 
Sleepy Gary a word? 
Sure Jerry.
Rick keep a level head okay? 'Cause I'll tell you a secret about Frankenstein He's actually Frankenstein's monster. 
Sleepy Gary m-my head is filled with memories of our friendship.
I'm convinced that you're Beth's husband and I'm your friend but if those memories can't be trusted then… 
Jerry just say it. 
Sleepy Gary how do we know I'm real? 
Jesus Jerry.
No you're real.
Hey look at me.
Now I don't know which way is up out there but I know us and you're real Jerry.
Remember our vacation? 
They're filming that new Star Wars movie down the coast.
Should we check it out? 
Sure.
Why not? (Gary drinks Jerry drops his bottle both he and Gary reach for it) 
Maybe we'll see Chewbacca. 
I'd like that.
What are we doing? 
I don't give a damn what else happens out there.
You and I are going to survive this. 
Okay.
Hey we agreed.
Never in the house. 
That's a cool watch there Rick.
Can I check it out? 
Uh no thank Okay.
Trying to figure out how to lower the blast shields huh?
Anybody here think it's suspicious that a lot of people in here can't wait to get out of here? 
Ah you're paranoid Rick.
You've been paranoid since 'nam. 
So what are you gonna do when you rotate back to the world Frankenstein? 
Shi-i-i-i-t.
I'mma bust a ( cut back to the present Rick grunts ) 
No!
Get out of my head parasite!
No!
Drop it.
Give me the gun Frankenstein!
Give it back! 
Yeah!
Frankenstein! 
Is anyone here even real?
Am I the only real person on earth?! 
Maybe.
Or maybe just maybe we're all real.
You know me.
I'm reverse giraffe.
I have a short neck and legs.
I went to college with Hamurai. 
Hai! 
I saved Ghost In A Jar's life in Vietnam. 
And Beth how many times have I been a shoulder for you to cry on? 
Too many. 
Okay so maybe we're just all fake. 
Or maybe there's only one deceiver here The person that keeps telling us the path to salvation is being held prisoner and mistrusting each other. 
Hey don't blame me!
I tried to shoot Summer 10 minutes ago! 
I know we all have beloved memories of Rick but are we really supposed to believe that a mad scientist inventor with a flying car just showed up on our doorstep after being gone for years? 
Yeah you know he does have a lot of really weird made-up sounding catchphrases. 
Wubba lubba dub dub!
Ricky ticky tavi beyotch!
And that's the wa-a-a-a-y the news goes.
Hit the sack jack.
Uh-oh!
Somersault jump.
Aids!
And that's why I always say shum shum shlippedy dop!
Grassss tastes bad-ah.
No jumpin' in the sewer.
Burger time!
Rubber baby baby bunkers!
Lick lick lick my balls! yeah!
Say that all the time. 
And don't forget his incredibly vague back story. 
Beth I'm your father! 
Oh are you dad?
Are you? 
Rick if you want to prove you're real just do what any of the rest of us would do and and and open the blast shields and let us the hell out of here! 
Why don't you make me implausibly naive pubescent boy with an old Jewish comedy writer's name? 
Give me the gun.
I'm not doing this in front of Pencilvester.
Bring him to the garage.
All right you listen to me you son of a bitch parasite scum.
We could either do this the easy way or the hard way.
You know y-y-y-- do you want to live?
Then open the blast shield doors. 
Shut up Morty you brainwashed little turd that might not even be real because I'm brainwashed too. 
You know Rick this isn't easy for us.
You know w-we all remember you as a friend. 
Oh oh oh really?
Well I remember you as a whiny little piece of shit Morty! 
Oh oh yeah? 
Yeah!
I've got about a thousand memories of your dumb little ass and about six of them are pleasant.
The rest is annoying garbage.
So why don't you do us both a favor and pull the trigger?
Do it!
Do it mother Pull the trigger! 
Oh wow.
Baby Wizard was a parasite?
He set me up with my wife. (Morty shoots the duck parasite screeches ) 
What the hell? 
I figured it out Rick!
The parasites can only create pleasant memories.
I know you're real because I have a ton of bad memories with you! 
Holy crap Morty you're right. 
Is is isn't that what you were trying to make me understand by yelling at me? 
Well yeah duh-doy.
T-took you long enough. (Rick turns the dial on the washing machine the wall draws back to reveal a set of guns) 
Now let's go Morty.
We got a lot of friends and family to exterminate. 
Everybody remain calm!
This is gonna take some explaining. 
We need to kill everyone that we can only remember fondly.
Who's got a bad memory about Mrs.
Refrigerator? 
I-I-I-I everyone has bad memories of me.
You remember that one time? (flashback Beth Jerry Mrs.
Refrigerator and a lot of other people on a roller coaster screaming cut back to the present) Ooh man we couldn't stop screaming. 
Uh roller coasters aren't bad Mrs.
Refrigerator.
They're thrilling.
And you've been a perfect companion to me my entire life. 
The jig is up! get me out of here.
Get me out of here!
Aah!
Oh 
Everybody back!
If you're not a parasite you have nothing to fear.
What about Summer? 
Why am I always your go-to? 
Never go in my room again. 
I didn't!
She's real.
She's my bitch of a sister. 
Nice.
Mom are you driving me to 
Hmm?
Yeah yeah yes.
What time? 
Oh my god.
Are you drunk? 
Only My wife coach. 
Your what?
Oh!
God!
Oh.
Oh my gosh.
Oh!
God!
Mom! 
Sweetheart are you okay?
I didn't mean to 
I'm gonna have a bruise!
It's picture day! 
It's not don't overreact.
I can clean it up. 
I want the police to take me! 
Morty give a gun to the lady that got pregnant with me too early and constantly makes it our problem. 
Thank you sweetie. 
Beth Beth please! 
I thought it was too good to be true that we'd have compatible kidneys. (shoots the bear parasite screeches ) 
Come on man.
Haven't we ever had an uncomfortable silence or an awkward fart on a road trip?
Come on Pencilvester.
Give me anything. 
Rick I'm Pencilvester.
Listen to that name.
You can't kill me. 
You're right.
Kill Pencilvester. 
Summer I've always loved you! 
Yep. (Shoots Tinkles parasite screeches ) ( all gasp Summer shoots ) 
Oh my god! 
I-I-I thought you went to a concert! 
We forgot the tickets!
Why in the kitchen?! 
I do it everywhere!
Stop shaming me! 
You're not the victim here! 
I hate you and I was thinking about your friend Grace! 
Aaaaaah! (cut back to the present more shooting parasites screeching ) 
Ah.
Master Rick.
Remember when you weren't going to shoot me? (Rick shoots Mr.
Beauregard parasite screeches ) 
I guess I did the butler!
Ha ha!
Does d-does that scan? 
Thanks ghost in a jar.
You always were good at pointing out potentially obscure comedy. (shoots ghost in a jar parasite screeches ) 
You got to hide me Sleepy Gary. 
Don't worry.
I have a plan.
If we can get to my boat there's a (Beth shoots Sleepy Gary Gary slowly turns back into a parasite screeches ) 
No.
No!
Send me to Gary.
I want to be with Gary. (Flashback Jerry is running away from a hobo) 
Whoa.
What the hell? 
Look out for that homeless guy! 
Open the door!
Open the door!
Open the door! 
There isn't time!
Just run! 
Get out here and help me! 
They say you shouldn't do that!
Just run! 
Ugh.
Sorry Jerry.
You're real. 
I'm a parasite! 
Yeah but you're real. 
Uh uh I need time to forget about Sleepy Gary. 
Me too. 
From now on let's all be careful to wash our hands when we get back from outer space.
That goes for everyone. 
This is depressing.
We killed every good person in the house.
We're what's left?
What a family. 
At least we're real Jerry.
We're real.
Ricky ticky tavi! 
Ooh whee!
Amen to that.
Now this little poopypants is hungry.
Will somebody pass me a pork chop? 
Huh.
I-is is something wrong Beth?
Ow! oh my god! 
No Beth!
Oh 
Wait but I 
Oh Beth!
Why?! 
I need an ambulance!
There's been a shooting.
My wife shot… Uh my my wife shot a long-time family friend. 
Why? 
Oh my god oh my god oh my god Mr.
Poopybutthole. 
I-I thought 
Keep breathing! 
Oh god.
What's happening? 
Look at me!
Look at me!
Don't don't fall asleep! 
Is is this what bleeding to death is?
Oh whee.
Is this how I die? 
Oh geez!
Oh my god! 
Why would you do this?
Beth.
It's not supposed to hurt.
I-I thought… Ooh whee. 
Oh he he's looking a lot better. 
Listen Beth don't torture yourself.
I made a similar mistake years ago but you know on a planetary scale. 
Is um is he mad at me? 
He's not pressing charges.
I mean that's got to be the you shot me equivalent of not being mad. 
Can he have visitors? 
He'd like to be alone.
He told me to tell you he's sorry you didn't have bad memories of him?
If you love him you should leave. 
And that's the wa-a-a-a-y the news goes. 
