Who cares about the thing you guys are talking about?
The whole point of freezing time is to stop giving a fuck.
Put a shirt on your dumb dad and let's get this dumb universe rolling.
Let's do this thing.
Alright listen you two we froze time for a pretty long time so when I unfreeze it the world's time is gonna be fine but our time's gonna need a little time to you know stabilize.
I thought you learned that by now.
It also means don't touch your parents or we could shatter into countless theoretical shards.
And away we go!
Shhh Morty!
Negative visualization Jerry.
It explains a lot about where you're at.
Hi sweety.
Yeah it would literally destroy them.
Now listen why do--why do--why--why don't you guys go get a free sunday ice cream go out there and get some ice creams.
Here's five hundred dollars cash in unmarked moneys.
I'm just gonna put it on the floor and uh kick it on over to ya.
You guys go nuts.
Uh oh.
Man that guy is the Red Grin Grumble to pretending he knows what's going on.
Oh you agree huh?
You like that Red Grin Grumble reference?
Well guess what?
I made him up.
You really are your father's children.
Think for yourselves don't be sheep.
Yup it really makes you appreciate how fickle the universe can be.
One minute you're falling off a roof for six months the next minute bam!
Actually sorry Summer I gotta back the M bomb on this one.
I remember the conversation.
We told Morty to replace all the bank's money with cookies your job was to put the mattress under Mr. Benson.
Whoa whoa wh-what the hell?
Oh God oh no what did you guys just do?
Were either of you guys uncertain about anything just now?
Alright both of you just don't move don't speak don't think.
I have to check something.
Shut up!
Oh crap are you kidding me?
Two dots?
This never needs to be more than one dot.
The two of you made us uncertain!
Our time is fractured.
You two somehow created a feedback loop of uncertainty that's split our reality into two equally possible impossiblities.
W-we're exactly like a man capable of sustaining a platonic friendship with an attractive female co-worker.
We're entirely hypothetical.
We're not on any timeline dummy.
Look.
I assume they're Schrodinger's cats.
A-actually I assume they both are and aren't just like us.
Mom and Dad?
Get your head out of your family's ass.
The three of us are lost in a timeless oblivion.
Your parents get to exist.
They're probably living it up in some pointless grounded story about their shit marriage.
This is why you don't freeze time you guys.
It's incredibly irresponsible.
Look there's no time to hold me accountable Morty.
Like literally no time.
Look around.
Uncertainty is inherently unsustainable.
Eventually everything either is or isn't.
And we've got about four hours to be is .
We isn't
Alright since this time crystal exists in both possibilities and since it's impossible that I didn't nail this I'm probably about to press this button in both possibilities at exactly the same time.
Whatever you're asking the answer is I'm amazing.
And away we go!
Huh what do you know it's working
Oh shit.
What the hell is wrong with you two!?
I--I m--I m--I mean you four!?
Good I'm glad it was painful.
You do deserve it!
I saw you you're both all over the damn place.
We've been split for twenty minutes and your lives are already scattered to the quantum fucking wind?
What the hell do either of you have to be so uncertain about?
Your brand of zit cream?
Which chair to sit in while I do everything?
Come on spit it out!
Alright cool it I see what's happening here.
You're both young you're both unsure about your place in the universe you both wanna be Grampa's favorite.
I can fix this.
Morty sit here Summer you sit here.
Now listen I know the two of you are very different from each other in a lot of ways but you have to understand that as far as Grampa's concerned you're both pieces of shit.
Yeah I can prove it mathematically.
Actually let me grab my whiteboard.
This has been a long time coming anyway.
So in conclusion you're both equally mercurial overly sensitive clingy hysterical bird brained homunculi.
And I honestly can't tell the two of you half the time because I don't go by height or age I go by amount of pain in my ass which makes you both identical.
Alright everything resolved?
Everybody nice and certain about their position in my world?
Alright perfect.
Sit still arms down I'm gonna do this again this time be like Grampa.
And away we go!
What's that?
You got something to say?
And away we go!
Huh that's weird.
Oh my God.
That son of a bitch is gonna kill me!
Follicle unfeeling sociopath.
Don't you get it?
He thinks he can save his own skin by using the crystal to kill me.
He probably figures it's easier to eliminate one of the possibilities rather than merge them.
I have to admit it's always in the back of my mind too.
The difference is I would never do it!
Until now…
Don't you get it? don't you get it?
The other Rick isn't trying to merge us anymore.
He thinks he can save his own skin by using the crystal to kill me.
He probably figures it's easier to eliminate one of the possibilities rather than merge them.
I have to admit it's always in the back of my mind too.
The difference is I would never do it!
Until now…
Saving our lives.
After he takes me out he's gonna be coming for you!
Me!
You see that?
Get down.
I told you he's a psycho!
He's lost it.
The time fracture must have made him crazy!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
Oh God now there's three of them we're outnumbered!
Get in the cupboards!
Wait don't don't do that they'll know… wait wait think about getting in the cupboards but don't really.
AAAAH IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT YOU SICK FUCKS?
YOU WANNA SEE CHILDREN DIE?
Shh shh… I know where you are you creepy old monster… I know how you think!
Oh is this where you think I'm going?
You think I'm standing here?
Well maybe you're right!
Oh God my head.
What did you guys do?
Only in self defense myself tried to kill me first!
Guys I don't expect you to understand this but time breaking twice means our problem is two times bigger and we've got half as much time to solve it.
Well actually I do expect you to understand that it's basic math.
C-could someone just let me out of here?
If I die in a cage I lose a bet.
Ah for God's sake alright here give me the time crystal.
Calling myself.
Here listen it'll probably go to voice mail since you know I'm calling myself.
Hello Rick here.
Don't fall for it it's a bit.
Just kidding haha!
You just got Ricked.
You've reached Rick's voicemail you know what to do.
Hey Rick it's Rick.
Listen I'm sorry about earlier.
No hard feelings.
I know you know I mean it too.
Take it easy.
Whoa.
Damn look at this I'm blown up.
Three new voicemails.
Yeah yeah I heard this one.
You get the idea we're cool now.
Fine I'll just do it myself.
Because I waited until I was certain it was what I wanted to do Morty.
That's the difference between you and me.
I'm certain and you're a walking burlap sack filled with turds.
Oh what you're just gonna listen to this guy now?
He's got a giant testicle for a head!
He came here in a bubble.
For all we know he could be the David Berkowitz of Nutsack Land.
We're not wearing collars.
Alright fine.
Summer Morty put 'em on.
Yes we're back problem solved.
How long exactly do we have to wear these things?
They're really embarassing.
I would have been happy to pay for it Summer but they don't exactly sell them at Costco.
Besides there's a larger lesson to be learned here.
Get him!
What if I told you there's a huge ticket up right behind you?
Alright hear me out on this.
You're immortal right which means your life is infinite.
Well in that case there's 100% chance that you'll eventually do everything including turning around to look behind you.
Ah God gross and weird!
Summer Morty take off your collars!
Good question.
I suppose the answer is: I'm not certain!
I have no idea!
I'm not sure.
Time is falling apart we've got to get back to certainty quick!
Give me your collars!
Morty I have to fix three of them and then there's thirty-one other versions of me that have to also fix three for a total of 96.
I'm not an idiot.
I know how to be decisive now hand me that screwdriver.
What's goin' on?
What are you talking about it's not broken Morty I fixed it just put it on!
Fine bring it here.
Goddammit!
Morty where's your collar I'll fix it
I'm okay with this.
Be good Morty.
Be better than me.
Bullshit The other collar!
I'm not okay with this!
I am not okay with this!
Oh sweet Jesus please let me live.
Oh my God I--I've gotta fix this thing please God in Heaven please God oh Lord hear my prayers.
Yes!
Fuck you God!
Not today bitch.
Yes I did it!
There is no God!
In your face.
One dot motherfuckers!
You know what I'm talking about oh yeah.
I'm gonna do the cabbage patch Morty.
Check me out I'm doing the cabbage patch dance.
It's a classic dance remember like this.
Oh shit look at that.